DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC

           DIPS Employee Handbook

               August 28, 2025
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CORE POLICIES                                                                      4
 1.0 WELCOME                                                                       4
   1.1 A Welcome Policy                                                            4
   1.2 At-Will Employment                                                          4
 2.0 INTRODUCTORY LANGUAGE AND POLICIES                                            4
   2.1 About the Company                                                           4
   2.2 Company Facilities                                                          6
   2.3 Ethics Code                                                                 6
   2.4 Mission Statement                                                           6
   2.5 Our Organization                                                            6
   2.6 Revisions to Handbook                                                       7
 3.0 HIRING AND ORIENTATION POLICIES                                               7
   3.1 Accommodations for Pregnancy, Childbirth, and Related Medical Conditions    7
   3.2 Conflicts of Interest                                                       8
   3.3 Disability Accommodation                                                    8
   3.4 Employment Authorization Verification                                       9
   3.5 Employment of Relatives and Friends                                         9
   3.6 Job Descriptions                                                            9
   3.7 New Hires and Introductory Periods                                          9
   3.8 Religious Accommodation                                                     9
   3.9 Training Program                                                           10
 4.0 WAGE AND HOUR POLICIES                                                       10
   4.1 Attendance                                                                 10
   4.2 Business Expenses                                                          11
   4.3 Direct Deposit                                                             11
   4.4 Employment Classifications                                                 11
   4.5 Introduction to Wage and Hour Policies                                     12
   4.6 Paycheck Deductions                                                        12
   4.7 Recording Time                                                             12
 5.0 PERFORMANCE, DISCIPLINE, LAYOFF, AND TERMINATION                             13
   5.1 Criminal Activity/Arrests                                                  13
   5.2 Disciplinary Process                                                       13
   5.3 Employment Verification                                                    13
   5.4 Exit Interview                                                             13
   5.5 Open Door/Conflict Resolution Process                                      13
   5.6 Pay Raises                                                                 14
   5.7 Performance Reviews                                                        14
   5.8 Standards of Conduct                                                       14
   5.9 Workforce Reductions (Layoffs)                                             15
 6.0 GENERAL POLICIES                                                             15
   6.1 Computer Security and Copying of Software                                  15
   6.2 Employer Sponsored Social Events                                           15
   6.3 Nonsolicitation/Nondistribution Policy                                     15
   6.4 Off-Duty Use of Employer Property or Premises                              16
   6.5 Personal Appearance                                                        16
   6.6 Personal Data Changes                                                      16
   6.7 Social Media                                                               16
   6.8 Workplace Privacy and Right to Inspect                                     17
 7.0 BENEFITS                                                                     18
   7.1 401(k) Plan                                                                18
   7.2 Dental Insurance                                                           18
   7.3 Federal Jury Duty Leave                                                    18
   7.4 Health Insurance                                                           18
   7.5 Military Leave (USERRA)                                                    18
   7.6 Vision Care Insurance                                                      18
   7.7 Workers' Compensation Insurance                                            19
 8.0 SAFETY AND LOSS PREVENTION                                                   19
   8.1 General Safety                                                             19
NEW YORK POLICIES                                                                 20
 HIRING AND ORIENTATION POLICIES                                                  20
   Communications Regarding Religious or Political Matters                        20
   EEO Statement and Nonharassment Policy                                         20
   Reproductive Health Rights Notice                                              22
   Sexual Harassment Prevention                                                   22
 WAGE AND HOUR POLICIES                                                           29

                                                                            2
   Accommodations for Nursing Mothers                        29
   Meal Periods                                              30
   Overtime                                                  30
   Pay Period                                                31
 BENEFITS                                                    31
  Accommodations for Victims of Domestic Violence            31
   Crime Victim and Witness Leave                            32
   Disability Benefits                                       32
   Jury Duty Leave                                           32
   Paid Family Leave                                         33
   Paid Prenatal Personal Leave                              34
   Paid Sick Leave (Accrual Method)                          34
   Paid Sick Leave (Frontloading Method)                     36
   Voting Leave                                              38
 SAFETY AND LOSS PREVENTION                                  38
  Airborne Infectious Disease Exposure Prevention Plan       38
CLOSING STATEMENT                                            40
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT AND REVIEW                         41
APPENDIX                                                     42




                                                         3
                                                              Core Policies

1.0 Welcome
1.1 A Welcome Policy
Welcome! You have just joined a dedicated organization. We hope that your employment with DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL
SERVICES PLLC will be rewarding and challenging. We take pride in our employees as well as in the products and services we provide.

The Practice complies with all federal and state employment laws, and this handbook generally reflects those laws. The Practice also
complies with any applicable local laws, although there may not be an express written policy regarding those laws contained in the
handbook.

The employment policies and/or benefits summaries in this handbook are written for all employees. When questions arise concerning the
interpretation of these policies as they relate to employees who are covered by a collective-bargaining agreement, the answers will be
determined by reference to the actual union contract, rather than the summaries contained in this handbook.

Please take the time now to read this handbook carefully. Sign the acknowledgment at the end to show that you have read, understood,
and agree to the contents of this handbook, which sets out the basic rules and guidelines concerning your employment. This handbook
supersedes any previously issued handbooks or policy statements dealing with the subjects discussed herein. The Practice reserves the
right to interpret, modify, or supplement the provisions of this handbook at any time. Neither this handbook nor any other communication
by a management representative or other, whether oral or written, is intended in any way to create a contract of employment. Please
understand that no employee handbook can address every situation in the work place.

If you have questions about your employment or any provisions in this handbook, contact Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW.

We wish you success in your employment here at DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC!

All the best,

Dr. Gregory Inzinna, PsyD, President
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC


1.2 At-Will Employment
Your employment with DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is on an "at-will" basis. This means your employment may be
terminated at any time, with or without notice and with or without cause. Likewise, we respect your right to leave the Practice at any time,
with or without notice and with or without cause.

Nothing in this handbook or any other Practice document should be understood as creating a contract, guaranteed or continued
employment, a right to termination only "for cause," or any other guarantee of continued benefits or employment. Only the President has
the authority to make promises or negotiate with regard to guaranteed or continued employment, and any such promises are only
effective if placed in writing and signed by the President.

If a written contract between you and the Practice is inconsistent with this handbook, the written contract is controlling.

Nothing in this handbook will be interpreted, applied, or enforced to interfere with, restrain, or coerce employees in the exercise of their
rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act.


2.0 Introductory Language and Policies
2.1 About the Company

Our Story

Dr. Inzinna Psychological Services PLLC (DIPS) was founded in New York by Dr. Greg Inzinna with a mission of providing affordable,
insurance-based, evidence-based mental health care. This mission is fueled by social, economic, and personal factors that have
disproportionally harmed underserved communities and student-loan-bearing clinicians. Most people cannot afford to pay $250+ per week
for therapy, yet many clinicians are left with hundreds of thousands of dollars in student loans and need to charge that much just to get
by. Early in their careers, because it is difficult to find clients who can pay their full fee, clinicians tend to work for cash-pay practices that
often pay them only a fraction of the full fee. This inequity is reflected in the internship/externship training process whereby students

                                                                        4
almost always work for free while large practices bill for their services. In other words, the mandatory training processes that all
graduate students must go through to accumulate hours toward graduation cause well-meaning students to go into debt while
private companies get rich and "non-profits" (which often pay their board members over $200k each) drastically increase their
profit margins. This is unsustainable, unethical, and inequitable for clinicians and clients, and we are here to make change.

Dr. Inzinna was motivated to solve this problem because his journey to becoming a psychologist started in the context of seeing his
grandfather, Pasquale (Pat) Muccigrosso, struggle with schizophrenia throughout his life; facing the stigma of mental illness and a broken
mental health system, he lost his friends, family, and became homeless. While graduate school was an amazing period of progress for Dr.
Inzinna, his graduate degree cost over $300k and required him - like most others - to work 4 years of unpaid externships and one full-time
year for an internship that paid $24k/per year while showing him that he had billed health insurance companies over $15k per month. (By
the way, the internship was Southwest Behavioral and Health Services -- a "non-profit" and APA-Accredited Internship, the CEO of which
made $371,276 while the organization enjoyed tax-exemption in 2023 according to:
https://projects.propublica.org/nonprofits/organizations/860290033). This is not a rogue internship. This is the multi-billion-dollar
training industry that is propped up on the backs of students. This is a failure of our academic institutions, who have found it
more profitable to outsource clinical training than to do it themselves.

Dr. Inzinna has developed a model for both increasing the quality of clinician training and making the process more equitable for clinicians
and clients. Regarding the former, Dr. Inzinna believes that education and training can, and should, happen at the same time. In a 2025
interview with Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW, he said, "Learning doesn't happen when we start at Chapter 1; it happens when we encounter
a real-life problem and ask ourselves, 'What do I need to learn, read, or practice in order to solve this?'" (One of the key psychotherapy
problems that Dr. Inzinna is working to solve with his team is the lack of integration of many therapy theories and the gap between
research and practice. DIPS is developing an integrative, transdiagnostic, and process-based psychotherapy approach called Cognigive
Behavioral Psychoanalysis (CBP) that accounts for affordability, artificial intelligence, and telehealth). Regarding the latter, after deeply
studying the economic underbelly of the mental health system, Dr. Inzinna found that the answer to this problem was ironically simple: be
less greedy. It may sound naive, but, ultimately, offering a more equitable, fair, and well-informed therapy approach from clinicians who
provide their best possible care in the context of being cared for themselves will make the choice for clients and clinicians obvious.
Eventually, even the most well-off clients would struggle to justify paying cash for something they are already paying their insurance
company to cover. With full transparency, we want to make a profit. Our goal profit margin is about 15%, which is strong, but not
exploitative. We hope to either lead by example or create a business environment in the mental health system where greed and
exploitation cannot survive.

Our Vision
We are building a clinical community where clinicians can engage in independent practice from their homes, yet stay engaged through
our quarterly in-person meetings. We aim to work with clinicians who are still interested in developing their skills, training others, and
discussing cases. The way we do the work of community clinics in the context of private practice is through a little business savvy. We
minimize overhead through the use of technology and provide health insurance, 401(k)s, and One Medical to our employees with the
Professional Employment Organization (PEO) Justworks. Our aim is to do the most good for the most people with people we care
about.

Our Values

Accessibility
Mental health care for everyone.

Clinical Expertise
We can do amazing work when we listen deeply, care intensely, and rely on each other and the research.

Professional Growth & Teaching
We are a teaching practice. That means interdisciplinary supervision, mentorship, didactics, and training. Knowledge and experience
happen together.

Warmth & Integrity
We believe in what we do and the people who rely on us (and on whom we rely). The little extra things we do mean so much, for the sake
of everything from preserving the attachment relationship to doing the right thing.

Diversity & Inclusion
Mental health care has been too exclusive for too long. Our team and our clients are diverse, and we work every day to provide culturally
responsive, affirming care that actually reflects the communities we serve.

Innovation & Growth

                                                                       5
We are here to test new models, open new service lines, and partner with the community. We are here to make an impact.

Your Role

We cannot do this alone. We have every intention of supporting you, but we cannot hold your hand. You are invited to take ownership of
this work, think critically, take initiative. Of course, you will need to double-check with your supervisor from time to time and look through
the manuals, but over time you will be able to identify the difference between a necessary question and a moment where you can
challenge yourself to trust your own clinical judgment. You are not just a therapist putting your time in. If you have any ideas about how
you can contribute to our mission, we want to hear from you, and we will create roles, and let you create them for yourself. We believe in
you. Have the courage to say what you are afraid but need to say in the therapy hour and in the larger world.

2.2 Company Facilities
All employees work remotely. Occasionally, employees may work through Dr. Inzinna's office at 183 Drake Avenue, New Rochelle, NY
10805 (Westchester Office) or 160 E 89th St, Suite 1B, New York, NY 10128 (Manhattan Office). Dr. Inzinna will give personal
instructions and approve any in-person work.

2.3 Ethics Code
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will conduct business honestly and ethically wherever operations are maintained. We
strive to improve the quality of our services, products, and operations and will maintain a reputation for honesty, fairness, respect,
responsibility, integrity, trust, and sound business judgment. Our managers and employees are expected to adhere to high standards of
business and personal integrity as a representation of our business practices, at all times consistent with their duty of loyalty to the
Practice.

We expect that officers, directors, and employees will not knowingly misrepresent the Practice and will not speak on behalf of the Practice
unless specifically authorized. The confidentiality of trade secrets, proprietary information, and similar confidential commercially-sensitive
information (e.g., financial or sales records/reports, marketing or business strategies/plans, product development, customer lists, patents,
or trademarks) about the Practice or operations, or that of our customers or partners, is to be treated with discretion and only
disseminated on a need-to-know basis (see policies relating to privacy).

Violation of the Ethics Code can result in discipline, up to and including termination of employment. The degree of discipline imposed may
be influenced by the existence of voluntary disclosure of any ethical violation and whether or not the violator cooperated in any
subsequent investigation.

In addition, DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC maintains a Clinic Manual, which sets forth clinical ethics and
professional standards; while this Employee Handbook governs employment and business conduct, the Clinic Manual applies to matters
of client care, supervision, and clinical practice.


2.4 Mission Statement

Mission Statement
At Dr. Inzinna Psychological Services PLLC (DIPS), our mission is to provide affordable, insurance-based, evidence-informed mental
health care while building a community where clinicians can grow into the best versions of their professional selves. We are committed to
equity, accessibility, and clinical excellence: clients receive care they can afford, and clinicians build meaningful, sustainable careers
through supervision, mentorship, and community.

This mission guides every aspect of our work — clinical services, supervision, operations, and outreach. Each department within DIPS is
encouraged to align its goals with this mission, and every team member is invited to connect their personal and professional development
to it. In doing so, we ensure that our daily work reflects our shared values of accessibility, growth, integrity, and innovation.

2.5 Our Organization
Our handbook and manuals are not meant to supplement supervision or consultation from our two licensed psychologists, Dr. Greg
Inzinna, Psy.D. (Owner/Director of Clinical Training), and Dr. Bret Boatwright, Psy.D. (Director of Assessment). While Dr. Greg and Dr.
Bret are the first people to consult with on clinical issues, Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW (Director of Youth Development), is the first person
to go to for administrative issues, including Justworks (our HR/Payroll platform) and Simple Practice (our medical record/billing platform).
Do not hesitate to reach out to us. We are here to support you!

Always reach out to your individual supervisor first. Individual supervisors should contact Dr. Inizinna first and Juan Carlos Espinal

                                                                        6
second if Dr. Inzinna is not available.


Contacts

      Dr. Greg Inzinna, Owner/Director of Clinical Training

             Phone: 914-309-7058

             Email: greg@drinzinna.com

      Dr. Bret Boatwright, Director of Assessment

             Phone: 619-246-6581

             Email: bgboatpsyd@gmail.com

      Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW, Director of Youth Development

             Phone: 914-817-8755

             Email: carlos@drinzinna.com

2.6 Revisions to Handbook
This handbook is our attempt to keep you informed of the terms and conditions of your employment, including DR. INZINNA
PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC policies and procedures. The handbook is not a contract. The Practice reserves the right to revise,
add, or delete from this handbook as we determine to be in our best interest, except the policy concerning at-will employment. When
changes are made to the policies and guidelines in this handbook, we will communicate them promptly, either in a written supplement to
the handbook or by posting (on company bulletin boards or websites).


3.0 Hiring and Orientation Policies
3.1 Accommodations for Pregnancy, Childbirth, and Related Medical Conditions
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC provides reasonable accommodations to employees experiencing limitations related
to pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions. We are committed to complying with the federal Pregnant Workers Fairness Act
(PWFA) and any applicable state or local laws offering additional protections.

Examples of reasonable accommodations include:

      Additional break time for restroom use, meals, hydration, and rest.
      Seating options allowing for sitting or standing as needed.
      Schedule changes, part-time work, and paid and unpaid leave.
      Flexible work hours to accommodate medical appointments and physical needs.
      Telework (remote work).
      Closer parking spots to the workplace entrance.
      Light duty.
      Making existing facilities accessible or modifying the work environment.
      Job restructuring.
      Temporarily suspending one or more essential functions of the job.
      Acquiring or modifying equipment, uniforms, or devices.
      Adjusting or modifying examinations or policies.

If you require an accommodation, notify your Supervisor. In instances where the need for a particular accommodation is not obvious, you
may be asked to provide:

      The reason an accommodation is needed;
      A description of the proposed accommodation; and
      Information on how the accommodation will effectively address your limitations.

Medical documentation will not be required in the following situations:

      When the limitation and need for an accommodation is obvious.

                                                                      7
      If the Practice is already aware of the limitation due to previous disclosure.
      If the requested accommodation is to do any of the following, as needed:
              Carry or keep water nearby and drink;
             Take additional restroom breaks;
             Sit, stand, or alternate between sitting and standing; or
            Take breaks to eat and drink.
      For any lactation accommodations.
      When a similar accommodation has been provided to other employees without requiring documentation.

The Practice will engage in an interactive process with you to identify suitable accommodations. While we strive to accommodate all
requests, certain accommodations may not be provided if they would result in undue hardship to the Practice. Factors considered include
the nature and cost of the accommodation, the overall financial resources of the facility, and the impact on operations, including safety
and efficiency.

If leave is provided as a reasonable accommodation, it may run concurrently with leave under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act
(FMLA) and/or any other applicable leave as permitted by law.

The Practice strictly prohibits retaliation against employees who request or utilize an accommodation under this policy.

3.2 Conflicts of Interest
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is concerned with conflicts of interest that create actual or potential job-related
concerns, especially in the areas of confidentiality, customer relations, safety, security, and morale.

Conflicts of Interest
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC expects all employees to avoid situations where personal interests conflict, or appear
to conflict, with the interests of the Practice. Because we work in mental health, protecting client trust, confidentiality, and professional
integrity is especially important. If there is any actual or potential conflict of interest between you and a competitor, supplier, distributor,
contractor, or any other outside party, you must disclose it promptly to your Supervisor. If a conflict is identified, the Practice will take
whatever steps are necessary to reduce or eliminate it.

A conflict of interest is defined as a situation in which a person has a duty to more than one person or organization, but cannot do justice
to the actual or potentially adverse interests of both parties. A conflict arises where an employee's personal interests or concerns conflict
(or give the appearance of conflicting) with the Practice's interests or concerns.

Examples of common conflicts of interest include (but are not limited to):

      Use of company information, resources, or equipment for personal gain.

      Self-dealing (engaging in business with the Practice for personal benefit).

      Outside employment ("moonlighting") that interferes with job responsibilities.

      Accepting gifts, favors, or payments from persons or organizations with whom the Practice does business.

      Supervising or reporting directly to a family member (nepotism).

All employees are expected to exercise good judgment, disclose potential conflicts, and act in the best interests of the Practice at all
times.

3.3 Disability Accommodation
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Pregnancy
Discrimination Act, and all applicable state and local fair employment practices laws, and is committed to providing equal employment
opportunities to qualified individuals with disabilities, including disabilities related to pregnancy, childbirth, and related conditions.
Consistent with this commitment, the Practice will provide reasonable accommodation to otherwise qualified individuals where appropriate
to allow the individual to perform the essential functions of the job, unless doing so would create an undue hardship on the business.

If you require an accommodation because of your disability, it is your responsibility to notify your Supervisor. You may be asked to include
relevant information such as:

      The reason you need an accommodation.


                                                                         8
      A description of the proposed accommodation.
      How the accommodation will help you perform the essential functions of your job.

After receiving your request, the Practice will engage in an interactive dialogue with you to determine the precise limitations of your
disability and explore potential reasonable accommodations that could overcome those limitations. Where appropriate, we may need your
permission to obtain additional information from your medical provider. All medical information received by the Practice in connection with
a request for accommodation will be treated as confidential.

The Practice encourages you to suggest specific reasonable accommodations that you believe would allow you to perform your job.
However, the Practice is not required to make the specific accommodation requested by you and may provide an alternative
accommodation, to the extent any reasonable accommodation can be made without imposing an undue hardship on the Practice.

Where state or local law provides greater protections to employees than federal law, the Practice will apply the law that provides the
greatest benefit to employees.

If leave is provided as a reasonable accommodation, such leave may run concurrently with leave under the federal Family and Medical
Leave Act and/or any other leave where permitted by state and federal law.

The Practice will not discriminate or retaliate against employees for requesting an accommodation.

3.4 Employment Authorization Verification
New hires will be required to complete Section 1 of federal Form I-9 on the first day of paid employment and must present acceptable
documents authorized by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services proving identity and employment authorization no later than the
third business day following the start of employment with DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC. If you are currently
employed and have not complied with this requirement or if your status has changed, inform your Supervisor.

If you are authorized to work in this country for a limited time, you will be required to submit proof of renewed employment eligibility prior
to expiration of that time to remain employed by the Practice.

3.5 Employment of Relatives and Friends
We will not employ relatives or friends in circumstances where actual or potential conflicts may arise that could compromise supervision,
safety, confidentiality, security, and morale at DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC. It is your obligation to inform the
Practice of any such potential conflict so we can determine how best to respond to the specific situation.


3.6 Job Descriptions
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC attempts to maintain a job description for each position. If you do not have a current
copy of your job description, you should request one from your Supervisor.

Job descriptions prepared by the Practice serve as an outline only. Due to business needs, you may be required to perform job duties that
are not within your written job description. Furthermore, the Practice may have to revise, add to, or delete from your job duties per
business needs. On occasion, the Practice may need to revise job descriptions with or without advance notice to employees.

If you have any questions regarding your job description or the scope of your duties, please speak with your Supervisor.

3.7 New Hires and Introductory Periods
The first 30 days of your employment is considered an introductory period. During this period, you will become familiar with DR. INZINNA
PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC and your job responsibilities, and we will have the opportunity to monitor the quality and value of
your performance and make any necessary adjustments in your job description or responsibilities. Completion of this introductory period
does not imply guaranteed or continued employment. Nothing that occurs during or after this period should be construed to change the
nature of the "at-will" employment relationship.


3.8 Religious Accommodation
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC recognizes the diversity of religious beliefs and is committed to providing equal
employment opportunities to all employees, regardless of their religious beliefs and practices or lack thereof. Consistent with this
commitment, the Practice complies with Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and all applicable state and local laws that prohibit
employment discrimination on the basis of religion. The Practice will reasonably accommodate the sincerely held religious beliefs of

                                                                       9
employees if the accommodations would resolve a conflict between the individual's religious belief or practice and a work requirement,
unless doing so would create an undue hardship.


Requesting a Religious Accommodation

If you need an accommodation because of your religious beliefs or practices, make the request with your Supervisor. You may be asked
to include relevant information such as:

      A description of the proposed accommodation.
      The reason you need the accommodation.
      How the accommodation will help resolve the conflict between your religious beliefs or practices (or lack thereof) and your work
      requirements.

After receiving your request, the Practice will engage in an interactive dialogue with you to explore potential accommodations that could
resolve the conflict between your religious beliefs or practices and work requirements. The Practice encourages you to suggest specific
reasonable accommodations. However, the Practice is not required to make the specific accommodation requested by you and may
provide an alternative accommodation, to the extent any reasonable accommodation can be made without imposing an undue hardship
on the Practice.

The Practice will not discriminate or retaliate against employees who, in good faith, request a religious accommodation under this policy.


3.9 Training Program
In most cases, and for most departments, training employees is done on an individual basis by the department manager. Even if you have
had previous experience in the specified functions of your job duties, it is necessary for you to learn our specific procedures, as well as
the responsibilities of the specific position. If you ever feel you require additional training, consult your Supervisor.


4.0 Wage and Hour Policies
4.1 Attendance
Attendance, Scheduling, and Caseload Expectations
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC recognizes that our clinicians and staff often work remotely and may set their own
schedules, provided client needs are met and commitments are honored. Because our work is client-centered, punctuality, reliability, and
communication remain essential.

Caseload Expectations

      Full-time clinicians are expected to maintain a minimum active caseload of 30 clients per week.

      Part-time clinicians are expected to maintain a minimum active caseload of 15 clients per week.

      Caseloads may be adjusted in consultation with your Supervisor based on clinical appropriateness, availability, and organizational
      needs.

Scheduling and Punctuality

      Employees are responsible for creating and managing their own schedules in SimplePractice (or other designated platforms).

      Sessions must begin and end on time. If you are running late or unable to attend a scheduled session, you must notify both the
      client and your Supervisor as soon as possible.

      If you are unable to keep your scheduled hours due to illness, emergencies, or unexpected circumstances, notify your Supervisor
      promptly and indicate your expected return to availability.

Absences and Coverage

      Planned absences (vacations, medical appointments, professional conferences, etc.) should be arranged as far in advance as
      possible to minimize disruption to client care. You are expected to reschedule affected clients or work with your Supervisor to
      ensure continuity of care.

      Unexcused absences — missing scheduled client sessions without notice — are considered serious violations of this policy and
      may result in corrective action.

                                                                      10
      If you are unable to work for three consecutive days and have not notified your Supervisor, it may be considered a voluntary
      resignation.

Flexibility and Accountability
We respect the flexibility of remote and hybrid work. However, flexibility must be balanced with accountability to clients, colleagues, and
the practice. Consistent communication, caseload maintenance, and adherence to scheduled client sessions are the primary measures of
attendance and reliability at DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC.

4.2 Business Expenses
The purpose of this policy is to define approved nontravel business expenses and the authority for incurring and approving such
expenses at DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC.

Approved business expenses are the reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by employees to achieve legitimate business
purposes that are not covered by normal Practice procurement processes.


Business Meetings (Employer-Sponsored Events and Meetings)

The Practice pays for expenses necessary to achieve a valid business purpose when meetings are held with customers, vendors, or other
Practice employees. The most senior Practice individual present is responsible for paying for and reporting all expenses.

The Practice will make every effort to have a master account set up for Practice-wide and large group events. However, if you are at a
small meeting or staying by yourself at a hotel, pay individually and submit for reimbursement accordingly.


Entertainment

The Practice pays for entertainment expenses only when they clearly benefit the Practice, include customers, and are promotional in
nature. The most senior individual present is responsible for paying for and reporting all expenses.


Technical and Training Seminars

The Practice pays for expenses associated with attendance at classes and seminars that enhance job-related skills. Prior approval must
be obtained by your Supervisor.


Gifts

You may present gifts only under exceptional circumstances and with prior approval of the appropriate Practice officer. The Practice does
not reimburse costs over $25 for business gifts.


Other Expenses

The Practice will pay for postage and telephone expenses that are for business purposes.


Reporting

Report approved expenses on the standard expense report form and include a description of the expense (which should include the date,
vendor, business purpose, and a list of any attendees/participants) and a copy of the receipt.

4.3 Direct Deposit
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC encourages all employees to enroll in direct deposit. If you would like to take
advantage of direct deposit, ask Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW, for an application form. Typically, the bank will begin the direct deposit of
your payroll within 30 calendar days after you submit your completed application.

If you have selected the direct deposit payroll service, a written explanation of your deductions will be provided to you on paydays in lieu
of a check.


4.4 Employment Classifications
The Practice designates all employees as either exempt or nonexempt in compliance with applicable federal, state, and local law:


                                                                     11
      Exempt employees. Exempt employees are generally paid a fixed salary and are not entitled to overtime pay.
      Nonexempt employees. Nonexempt employees are entitled to minimum wage and overtime pay.

The Practice also assigns each employee to one of the following categories:

      Regular full-time employees. Regular full-time employees are normally scheduled to work at least 32 hours per workweek, except
      for approved time off. Full-time employees are eligible for most Practice benefits.
      Regular part-time employees. Regular part-time employees are normally scheduled to work 18 hours or less per workweek. Part-
      time employees are not eligible for most Practice benefits.

You will be informed of your classification, status, and responsibilities at the time of hire and at any time your classification, status, or
responsibilities change. If you have a question regarding this information, contact Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW. These classifications do
not alter your employment at-will status.

4.5 Introduction to Wage and Hour Policies
At DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC, pay depends on a wide range of factors, including pay scale surveys, individual
effort, profits, and market forces. If you have any questions about your compensation, including matters such as paid time off,
commissions, overtime, benefits, or paycheck deductions, speak with Dr. Inzinna.

4.6 Paycheck Deductions
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is required by law to make certain deductions from your pay each pay period,
including deductions for federal income tax, Social Security and Medicare (FICA) taxes, New York State income tax, New York City
income tax (if applicable), New York State disability insurance contributions, New York Paid Family Leave (PFL) contributions, and any
other deductions required under law or by court order for wage garnishments. The amount of your tax deductions will depend on your
earnings and the information you list on your federal Form W-4 and applicable state withholding form. Permissible deductions for exempt
employees may also include, but are not limited to, deductions for full-day absences for reasons other than sickness or disability and
certain disciplinary suspensions. You may also authorize certain voluntary deductions from your paycheck where permissible under state
law, such as health insurance premiums, retirement plan contributions, and commuter benefits. Your deductions will be reflected in your
wage statement. If you have any questions about deductions from your pay, contact your Supervisor.

The Practice will not make deductions to your pay that are prohibited by federal, state, or local law. Review your paycheck for errors each
pay period and immediately report any discrepancies to your Supervisor.

You will be reimbursed in full for any isolated, inadvertent, or improper deductions, as defined by law. If an error is found, you will receive
an immediate adjustment, which will be paid no later than your next regular payday.

The Practice will not retaliate against employees who report erroneous deductions in accordance with this policy.

4.7 Recording Time
Timekeeping
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is required by applicable federal, state, and local laws to keep accurate records of
hours worked by certain employees. To ensure that Practice has complete and accurate records and that employees are paid for all hours
worked, nonexempt employees are required to accurately record all client sessions and working time in SimplePractice, our practice
management system.

Supervisors and/or designated administrators will use these records to process payroll through Justworks. Employees are not
responsible for entering their own hours into Justworks.

Recording Time
You must accurately record your working time in SimplePractice, including:

      All client sessions.

      Required supervision or training hours.

      Any other compensable time required by law or Practice policy.

Corrections and Issues
If you notice any errors, unrecorded or misrecorded work hours, or a missed session entry in SimplePractice, notify your Supervisor

                                                                        12
immediately so payroll adjustments can be made before processing.

Prohibited Practices

      Falsifying session or time entries in SimplePractice is strictly prohibited.

      Working "off the clock" (performing job duties without logging them in SimplePractice) is not permitted.

      Any falsification of records, or encouraging others to do so, may result in discipline, up to and including termination.


5.0 Performance, Discipline, Layoff, and Termination
5.1 Criminal Activity/Arrests
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will report all criminal activity in accordance with applicable law. Involvement in
criminal activity while employed by the Practice, whether on or off Practice property, may result in disciplinary action including suspension
or termination of employment.

You are expected to be on the job, ready to work, when scheduled. Inability to report to work as scheduled may lead to disciplinary action,
up to and including termination of employment, for violation of an attendance policy or job abandonment.

5.2 Disciplinary Process
Violation of DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC's policies or procedures may result in disciplinary action, including
demotion, transfer, leave without pay, or termination of employment. The Practice encourages a system of progressive discipline
depending on the type of prohibited conduct. However, the Practice is not required to engage in progressive discipline and may discipline
or terminate employees who violate the rules of conduct, or where the quality or value of their work fails to meet expectations at any time.
Again, any attempt at progressive discipline does not imply that your employment is anything other than on an "at-will" basis consistent
with applicable law. Note that the specific terms of your employment relationship, including termination procedures, are governed by the
laws of the state in which you are employed.

In appropriate circumstances, management will first provide you with a verbal warning, then with one or more written warnings, and if the
conduct is not sufficiently altered, eventual demotion, transfer, forced leave, or termination of employment. Your Supervisor will make
every effort possible to allow you to respond to any disciplinary action taken. Understand that while the Practice is concerned with
consistent enforcement of our policies, we are not obligated to follow any disciplinary or grievance procedure and, depending on the
circumstances, you may be disciplined or terminated without any prior warning or procedure.

5.3 Employment Verification
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC policy is to confirm dates of employment, job title, and compensation (where
permissible under applicable law). The Practice will only provide such information with your written authorization. Requests for
employment verification should be forwarded to Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW.


5.4 Exit Interview
You may be asked to participate in an exit interview when you leave DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC. The purpose of
the exit interview is to provide management with greater insight into your decision to leave employment; identify any trends requiring
attention or opportunities for improvement; and to assist the Practice in developing effective recruitment and retention strategies. Your
cooperation in the exit interview process is appreciated.

5.5 Open Door/Conflict Resolution Process
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC strives to provide a comfortable, productive, legal, and ethical work environment. To
this end, we want you to bring any problems, concerns, or grievances you have about the work place to the attention of your Supervisor
and, if necessary, to Human Resources or upper level management. To help manage conflict resolution we have instituted the following
problem solving procedure:

If you believe there is inappropriate conduct or activity on the part of the Practice, management, its employees, vendors, customers, or
any other persons or entities related to the Practice, bring your concerns to the attention of your Supervisor at a time and place that will
allow the person to properly listen to your concern. Most problems can be resolved informally through dialogue between you and your
immediate Supervisor. If you have already brought this matter to the attention of your Supervisor before and do not believe you have

                                                                       13
received a sufficient response, or if you believe that person is the source of the problem, present your concerns to Human Resources or
upper level management. Describe the problem, those persons involved in the problem, efforts you have made to resolve the problem,
and any suggested solution you may have.

5.6 Pay Raises
Depending on financial health and other Practice factors, efforts will be made to give pay raises consistent with DR. INZINNA
PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC profitability, job performance, and the consumer price index. The Practice may also make individual
pay raises based on merit or due to a change of job position.

5.7 Performance Reviews
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will make efforts to periodically review your work performance. The performance
review is a tool used to evaluate employee performance over the review period by assessing:

      Your performance of assigned job duties and responsibilities.
      Your achievement or lack of achievement of specific targets and goals.
      Other aspects of your performance (e.g., communication skills, professionalism, ability to collaborate, reliability, willingness to take
      initiative, etc.).

The performance review process will take place annually, or as business needs dictate.

The performance review process is intended to increase the quality and value of your work performance. The review process may be
used:

      As a basis for employment decisions, such as promotions and demotions.
      To improve the performance of underperforming employees.
      To document employee growth at the Practice.

A positive performance review does not guarantee a pay raise or continued employment.


5.8 Standards of Conduct
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC wishes to create a work environment that promotes job satisfaction, respect,
responsibility, integrity, and value for all our employees, clients, customers, and other stakeholders. We all share in the responsibility of
improving the quality of our work environment. By deciding to work here, you agree to follow our rules.

While it is impossible to list everything that could be considered misconduct in the workplace, what is outlined here is a list of common-
sense infractions that could result in discipline, up to and including immediate termination of employment. This policy is not intended to
limit our right to discipline or discharge employees for any reason permitted by law.

Examples of inappropriate conduct include:

      Violation of the policies and procedures set forth in this handbook.
      Possessing, using, distributing, selling, or negotiating the sale of illegal drugs or other controlled substances.
      Being under the influence of alcohol during working hours on Practice property (including in Practice vehicles), or on Practice
      business.
      Inaccurate reporting of the hours worked by you or any other employees.
      Providing knowingly inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information when speaking on behalf of the Practice or in the preparation
      of any employment-related documents including, but not limited to, job applications, personnel files, employment review documents,
      intra-company communications, or expense records.
      Taking or destroying Practice property.
      Possession of potentially hazardous or dangerous property (where not permitted) such as firearms, weapons, chemicals, etc.,
      without prior authorization.
      Fighting with, or harassment of (as defined in our EEO policy), any fellow employee, vendor, or customer.
      Disclosure of Practice trade secrets and proprietary and confidential commercially sensitive information (e.g., financial or sales
      records/reports, marketing or business strategies/plans, product development information, customer lists, patents, or trademarks) of
      the Practice or its customers, contractors, suppliers, or vendors.
      Refusal or failure to follow directions or to perform a requested or required job task.
      Refusal or failure to follow safety rules and procedures.
      Excessive tardiness or absences.

                                                                       14
      Smoking in nondesignated areas.
      Working unauthorized overtime.
      Solicitation of fellow employees on Practice premises during working hours.
      Failure to dress according to Practice policy.
      Use of obscene or harassing (as defined by our EEO policy) language in the workplace.
      Engaging in outside employment that interferes with your ability to perform your job at this Practice.
      Gambling on Practice premises.
      Lending keys or keycards to Practice property to unauthorized persons.

Nothing in this policy is intended to limit your rights under the National Labor Relations Act, or to modify the at-will employment status
where at-will is not prohibited by state law.

5.9 Workforce Reductions (Layoffs)
If necessary based upon business needs, DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC management may decide to implement a
reduction in force (RIF). We acknowledge that RIFs can be a trying experience for all involved, and the Practice will make its best effort to
make sound business decisions while acknowledging the needs of its workforce.


6.0 General Policies
6.1 Computer Security and Copying of Software
Software programs purchased and provided by DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC are to be used only for creating,
researching, and processing materials for Practice use. By using Practice hardware, software, and networking systems you assume
personal responsibility for their use and agree to comply with this policy and other applicable Practice policies, as well as city, state, and
federal laws and regulations.

All software acquired for or on behalf of the Practice, or developed by Practice employees or contract personnel on behalf of the Practice,
is and will be deemed Practice property. It is the policy of the Practice to respect all computer software rights and to adhere to the terms
of all software licenses to which the Practice is a party. Dr. Inzinna is responsible for enforcing these guidelines.

You may not illegally duplicate any licensed software or related documentation. Unauthorized duplication of software may subject you
and/or the Practice to both civil and criminal penalties under the United States Copyright Act. To purchase software, obtain your
manager's approval. All software acquired by the Practice must be purchased through Dr. Inzinna.

You may not duplicate, copy, or give software to any outsiders including clients, contractors, customers, and others. You may use
software on local area networks or on multiple machines only in accordance with applicable license agreements entered into by the
Practice.

6.2 Employer Sponsored Social Events
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC holds periodic social events for employees. Be advised that your attendance at these
events is voluntary and does not constitute part of your work-related duties. Any exceptions to this policy must be in writing and signed by
a Supervisor prior to the event.

Alcoholic beverages may be available at these events. If you choose to drink alcoholic beverages, you must do so in a responsible
manner. Do not drink and drive. Instead, please call a taxi or appoint a designated driver.

6.3 Nonsolicitation/Nondistribution Policy
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC prioritizes a harmonious work environment that minimizes disruption to business
operations and respects the focus of employees, visitors, and others. Our nonsolicitation/nondistribution policy aims to ensure a balanced
approach to interactions within the workplace.


Solicitation

For the purposes of this policy, solicitation includes various activities such as selling items or services, seeking contributions, or seeking
support for an organization. Solicitation, whether conducted verbally, in writing, or electronically, falls under this policy's scope.

During your assigned working hours, soliciting other employees is prohibited. Working hours refers to periods when either you or the


                                                                       15
employees you intend to solicit are expected to be actively engaged in work-related activities. You are permitted to engage in solicitation
during authorized nonworking times, such as breaks, provided that the recipients of the solicitation are also on nonworking time.


Distribution

To ensure cleanliness, organization, and safety, the distribution of nonwork-related literature or items within working areas is prohibited at
all times. Working areas do not include break/rest areas, lunchrooms, and parking lots. Electronic distribution of materials during work
hours is also not allowed. Any literature that violates the Practice's equal employment opportunity (EEO) and nonharassment policies, or
knowingly spreads false information, is strictly prohibited. Non-employees are not permitted to distribute materials on company premises
under any circumstances.


Statutory Rights and Communication

This policy is not meant to curtail the statutory rights of employees, including their right to discuss terms and conditions of employment.
Open communication remains a vital part of our workplace culture.


Reporting Violations

If you become aware of violations of this policy, report them to your Supervisor.

We appreciate your cooperation in maintaining a respectful and focused work environment.

6.4 Off-Duty Use of Employer Property or Premises
You may not use DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC property for personal use during working time. You are responsible
for returning Practice property in good condition and repairing or replacing any property damaged as the result of personal use or as the
result of negligence. This includes use of copy machines, computers, Practice products, or office supplies for personal use without prior
authorization.

It is Practice policy to control off duty and nonworking hour use of Practice facilities either for business or personal reasons. You are
prohibited from using Practice facilities during off duty or nonworking hours without the written consent of your Supervisor.

6.5 Personal Appearance
Your personal appearance reflects on the reputation, integrity, and public image of DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC.
All employees are required to report to work neatly groomed and dressed. You are expected to maintain personal hygiene habits that are
generally accepted in the community, including clean clothing, good grooming and personal hygiene, and appropriate attire for the
workplace and the work being performed. This may include wearing uniforms or protective safety clothing and equipment, depending
upon the job. Use common sense and good judgment in determining what to wear to work.

Fragrant products, including but not limited to perfumes, colognes, and scented body lotions or hair products, should be used in
moderation out of concern for others with sensitivities or allergies.

The Practice, in accordance with applicable law, will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities or religious beliefs that make it
difficult for them to comply fully with the personal appearance policy unless doing so would impose an undue hardship on the Practice.
Contact your Supervisor to request a reasonable accommodation.

Failure to comply with the personal appearance standards may result in being sent home to groom or change clothes. Frequent violations
may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.


6.6 Personal Data Changes
It is your obligation to provide DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC with your current contact information, including current
mailing address and telephone number. You should also inform the Practice of any changes to your tax withholding status. Failure to do
so may result in loss of benefits or delayed receipt of W-2 and other mailings. To make changes to this information, contact Juan Carlos
Espinal, LMSW.

6.7 Social Media
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC acknowledges that social media has become an integral part of modern life that
provides us with unique opportunities to communicate and share information with others. However, we also want to educate employees

                                                                      16
that their social media use can:

      Pose risks to the Practice's confidential and proprietary information, reputation, and brand;
      Expose the Practice to discrimination, harassment, and other claims; and
      Jeopardize the Practice's compliance with business rules and laws.

To minimize legal risks, avoid loss of productivity and distraction, and ensure that the Practice's IT resources and communications
systems are used appropriately, all employees must abide by the following policy regarding social media use.


Social Media

For purposes of this policy, social media refers to any means of posting content on the internet, including personal websites, social
networking sites, blogs, chat rooms, and other online platforms, whether affiliated with the Practice or not.


Use Good Judgment

While the Practice respects your right to personal expression, you should assume that anything you do on social media—whether on a
business or personal account—could be viewed by a colleague, supervisor, partner, supplier, competitor, investor, customer, or potential
customer. As such, any social media activity, even from your personal account, reflects on the Practice as well as on yourself. It is
important to remember that anyone can see what you post (or what you posted five years ago).


Guidelines for Posting on Social Media

When posting:

      Protect trade secrets, intellectual property, and confidential information related to the Practice.
      Do not make statements that are maliciously false or defamatory or would constitute unlawful harassment or discrimination.
      Do not make express or implied threats of violence.
      Avoid linking personal accounts to the Practice as an official source.
      Respect copyright, trademark, and third-party rights.
      Do not use the Practice's email addresses to register on social media platforms for personal use.
      If you identify yourself as an employee of DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC on your personal account and are
      posting about the Practice, make it clear that your views are your own and that you are not speaking on behalf of the Practice.


Using Social Media at Work

Do not use social media while on your work time, unless it is work related as authorized by your Supervisor or consistent with policies that
cover equipment owned by the Practice.


Media Contacts

If you are not authorized to speak on behalf of the Practice, do not speak to the media on behalf of the Practice. Direct all media inquiries
for official Practice responses to [[Human Resources or appropriate department]].


Retaliation

Retaliation against those reporting policy violations or cooperating in investigations is prohibited. Retaliatory actions may lead to
disciplinary measures.


Violations

Violations of this policy may result in discipline, up to and including termination.

This policy does not limit employees rights to discuss wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of employment. All employees have
the right to engage in or refrain from such activities.

6.8 Workplace Privacy and Right to Inspect
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC property, including but not limited to lockers, phones, computers, tablets, desks, work
areas, vehicles, or machinery, remains under the control of the Practice and is subject to inspection at any time, without notice to any


                                                                        17
employees, and without their presence.

You should have no expectation of privacy in any of these areas. We assume no responsibility for the loss of, or damage to, your property
maintained on Practice premises including that kept in lockers and desks.


7.0 Benefits
7.1 401(k) Plan
Eligible employees may participate in the DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC 401(k) plan after completing any applicable
waiting period as defined in the plan. Refer to your Summary Plan Description (SPD) for specific information.

The Practice will notify you if you are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan. Contact [[appropriate person or department]] to understand
your eligibility requirements. This benefit may be canceled or changed at the discretion of the Practice, unless otherwise required by law.

7.2 Dental Insurance
All regular full-time employees who have completed the plan's defined waiting period at DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES
PLLC are eligible for the Practice dental plan. Dental plan benefits are described in detail in the Summary Plan Description (SPD).


7.3 Federal Jury Duty Leave
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC encourages employees to fulfill their civic duties related to federal jury duty service. If
you are summoned for federal jury duty, notify your Supervisor as soon as possible to make scheduling arrangements.

Time spent for federal jury duty service is unpaid; however, if you are classified as exempt, you will not incur any deduction in pay for a
partial week's absence due to jury duty. You may opt to use PTO/vacation in place of unpaid leave.

The Practice will not discriminate or retaliate against employees for missing work due to federal jury service. Upon return to work, you will
be reinstated to your prior position without loss of seniority and will be treated as if you have been on a leave of absence or furlough.

7.4 Health Insurance
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC offers group health insurance benefits to all eligible employees and their eligible
dependents after the plan's defined waiting period. Health insurance benefits are described in detail in the Summary Plan Description
(SPD), which may be obtained from Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW.

Your group health benefits are paid in part by the Practice. The remainder of the costs are paid by you through deductions from your
paycheck.

Benefits may be canceled or changed at the discretion of the Practice, unless otherwise prohibited by law.

If you or a dependent become ineligible for benefits due to a change in work hours or through a life event, or you leave employment with
the Practice, you may have the right to continue your health benefits under federal or state law. In such event, the Practice will provide
you with information about your rights to continue your benefits coverage.

7.5 Military Leave (USERRA)
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC complies with applicable federal and state law regarding military leave and re-
employment rights. A military leave of absence will be granted to members of the uniformed services in accordance with the Uniformed
Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA, with amendments) and all applicable state law. You must submit
documentation of the need for leave to Dr. Inzinna. When returning from military leave of absence, you will be reinstated to your previous
position or a similar position, in accordance with state and federal law. You must notify your Supervisor of your intent to return to
employment based on requirements of the law. For more information regarding status, compensation, benefits, and reinstatement upon
return from military leave, contact Dr. Inzinna.

7.6 Vision Care Insurance
All eligible employees who have completed the plan's defined waiting period at DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC are
eligible for the Practice vision care plan. Vision care plan benefits are described in detail in the Summary Plan Description (SPD).



                                                                      18
7.7 Workers' Compensation Insurance
Workers' compensation is a no-fault system designed to provide benefits to all employees for work-related injuries. Workers'
compensation insurance coverage is paid for by employers and governed by state law. The workers' compensation system provides for
coverage of medical treatment and expenses, occupational disability leave, and rehabilitation services, as well as payment for lost wages
due to work related injuries. If you are injured on the job while working at DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC, no matter
how slightly, you are to report the incident immediately to your Supervisor. Consistent with applicable state law, failure to report an injury
within a reasonable period of time could jeopardize your claim for benefits.

To receive workers' compensation benefits, notify your Supervisor immediately of your claim. If your injury is the result of an on-the-job
accident, you must fill out an accident report. You will be required to submit a medical release before you can return to work.


8.0 Safety and Loss Prevention
8.1 General Safety
It is the responsibility of all DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC employees to maintain a healthy and safe work
environment, report any health or safety hazards, and follow the Practice health and safety rules. Failure to do so may result in
disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. The Practice also requires that all occupational illnesses or injuries be
reported to your Supervisor as soon as reasonably possible and that an occupational illness or injury form be completed on each reported
incident.




                                                                      19
                                                          New York Policies

Hiring and Orientation Policies
Communications Regarding Religious or Political Matters
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is committed to respecting the rights of all employees regarding participation in
discussions about religious or political matters. In accordance with New York law, the Practice will not discharge, discipline, penalize, or
take adverse employment action against you for:

      Declining to attend any Practice-sponsored meeting where the primary purpose is to communicate the Practice’s opinion
      concerning religious or political matters.
      Declining to listen to speeches or view communications where the primary purpose is to communicate the Practice’s opinion
      concerning religious or political matters.

Political matters means matters relating to elections for political office, political parties, legislation, regulation, and the decision to join or
support any political party or political, civic, community, fraternal, or labor organization.

Religious matters means matters relating to religious affiliation and practice and the decision to join or support any religious organization
or association.

This policy does not prohibit the Practice from:

      Communicating information that the Practice is required by law to provide you.
      Communicating information necessary for you to perform your job.
      Engaging in casual conversations about religious or political matters, as long as the conversation is voluntary.
      Communicating requirements that are limited to managers and supervisors.

EEO Statement and Nonharassment Policy

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is committed to complying with all federal, state, and local equal employment laws.
To that end, the Practice is dedicated to maintaining a work environment that is free from harassment and discrimination based on the
following protected classes: age, race (including traits historically associated with race, which include, but are not limited to, hair texture
and protective hairstyles such as braids, locks, and twists), ethnicity, color, national origin (including ancestry), religion, creed, gender or
sex, sexual orientation (including transgender status, gender identity or expression), pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation, and related
medical conditions), pregnancy outcomes, reproductive healthcare and autonomy (including, but not limited to, the decision to use or
access a particular drug, device, or medical service), disability, marital status, domestic violence victim status, familial status, military
status, citizenship or immigration status, genetic information (including genetic characteristics), or any other protected status under
federal, state, or local laws. The Practice is dedicated to the fulfillment of this policy with respect to all aspects of employment, including,
but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, placement, transfer, training, promotion, compensation, termination, and all other terms, conditions,
and privileges of employment.

The Practice will conduct a prompt and thorough investigation of all allegations of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation, or any
violation of the Equal Employment Opportunity Policy in a confidential manner. The Practice will take appropriate corrective action, if and
where warranted. The Practice prohibits retaliation against employees who provide information about, complain about, or assist in the
investigation of any complaint of discrimination or violation of the Equal Employment Opportunity Policy.

We are all responsible for upholding this policy. You may discuss questions regarding equal employment opportunity with your Supervisor
or any other designated member of management.


Policy Against Workplace Harassment

DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC has a strict policy against all types of workplace harassment, including sexual
harassment and other forms of workplace harassment, based upon an individual's membership in a protected class. All forms of
harassment of, or by, employees, vendors, visitors, customers, and clients are strictly prohibited and will not be tolerated.


Sexual Harassment


                                                                         20
The Practice is committed to maintaining a workplace free from sexual harassment, which is unlawful and subjects the Practice to liability.
The Practice prohibits any form of sexual harassment, and all employees are required to work in a manner that prevents sexual
harassment.

For additional information on sexual harassment, including how to file a claim, see the Sexual Harassment Policy.


Other Harassment

Other workplace harassment is verbal or physical conduct that insults or shows hostility or aversion toward an individual because of the
individual's membership in a protected class.

Again, while it is not possible to list all the circumstances that may constitute other forms of workplace harassment, the following are
some examples of conduct that may constitute workplace harassment:

      The use of disparaging or abusive words or phrases, slurs, negative stereotyping, or threatening, intimidating, or hostile acts that
      relate to the above-protected categories;
      Written or graphic material that insults, stereotypes, or shows aversion or hostility toward an individual or group because of one of
      the above-protected categories and that is placed on walls, bulletin boards, or elsewhere on our premises, in emails or voicemails,
      or otherwise circulated in the workplace; and
      A display of symbols, slogans, or items that are associated with hate or intolerance toward any select group.


Reporting Discrimination and Harassment

If you feel that you have witnessed or have been subjected to any form of discrimination or harassment, immediately notify Dr. Inzinna or
any member of management.

The Practice prohibits retaliation against employees who provide information about, complain about, or assist in the investigation of any
complaint of harassment or discrimination.

The Practice will promptly and thoroughly investigate any claim and take appropriate action where we find a claim has merit. To the extent
possible, the Practice will retain the confidentiality of those who report suspected or alleged violations of the harassment policy.

Discipline for violation of this policy may include, but is not limited to, reprimand, suspension, demotion, transfer, and discharge. If the
Practice determines that harassment or discrimination occurred, corrective action will be taken to effectively end the harassment. As
necessary, the Practice may monitor any incident of harassment or discrimination to assure the inappropriate behavior has stopped.


Alternative Reporting and Remedies

The Practice encourages employees to report incidents of discrimination and harassment internally. However, employees who believe
they have been subjected to discrimination or harassment in the workplace may file a private civil action or seek relief by either:

      Filing a complaint alleging violation of the New York State Human Rights law with the Division of Human Rights, or in the New York
      State Supreme Court; or
      Filing a charge of discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) for violation of federal
      antidiscrimination laws, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VII).

To file a complaint, contact the appropriate agency below.

Contact Information

New York Division of Human Rights

One Fordham Plaza, Fourth Floor
Bronx, New York, NY 10458
718-741-8400
1-800-HARASS-3 (1-800-427-2773): Toll-free, confidential hotline for complaints of workplace sexual harassment
www.dhr.ny.gov

Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)

33 Whitehall St, 5th Floor
New York, NY 10004

                                                                       21
800-669-4000
TTY: 800-669-6820
info@eeoc.gov
www.eeoc.gov

Local jurisdictions may have additional protections against discrimination and harassment. For example, workers in New York City may
file complaints of discrimination or harassment with the New York City Commission on Human Rights at:

Law Enforcement Bureau

Commission on Human Rights
40 Rector Street, 10th Floor
New York, NY 10006
212-306-7450
www.nyc.gov/html/cchr/html/home/home.shtml

If the discrimination or harassment involves criminal activity, contact local police.

In any civil action alleging a violation of the laws prohibiting sexual harassment and discrimination, a court may order or award:

      Damages, including, but not limited to, back pay, benefits, and reasonable attorneys' fees and costs;
      Injunctive relief;
      Reinstatement; and/or
      Liquidated damages equal to 100% of the award for damages.

Any act of retaliation against New York employees for exercising any rights granted under this policy may subject the Practice to separate
civil penalties. For the purposes of this policy, retaliation or retaliatory personnel action means discharging, suspending, demoting, or
otherwise penalizing employees for:

      Making or threatening to make a complaint to the Practice, a coworker, or to a public body, that rights guaranteed under this policy
      have been violated;
      Causing to be instituted any proceeding under or related to this policy; or
      Providing information to or testifying before any public body conducting an investigation, hearing, or inquiry into any such violation
      of a law, rule, or regulation by the Practice.


Reproductive Health Rights Notice
Pursuant to New York’s Reproductive Health Bias Law (N.Y. Labor Law § 203-e), DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will
not access your personal information regarding your own or your dependent’s reproductive health decision-making—including, but not
limited to, the decision to use or access a particular drug, device, or medical service—without your prior informed affirmative written
consent.

Furthermore, the Practice will not:

      Discriminate or retaliate against you with respect to compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment because of, or on
      the basis of, your own or your dependent’s reproductive health decision-making; or
      Require you to sign a waiver or other document that appears to deny you the right to make your own reproductive healthcare
      decisions.

If you believe your rights have been violated under this law, you may bring a civil action against the Practice. In such civil action, the court
may:

      Award damages, including, but not limited to, back pay, benefits, and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs;
      Provide injunctive relief;
      Order reinstatement; and/or
      Award liquidated damages.

If you have questions related to this notice, consult your Supervisor.

Sexual Harassment Prevention

Purpose and Goals
                                                                         22
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is committed to maintaining a workplace free from harassment and discrimination.
Sexual harassment is a form of workplace discrimination that subjects an employee to inferior conditions of employment due to their
gender, gender identity, gender expression (perceived or actual), and/or sexual orientation. Sexual harassment is often viewed simply as
a form of gender-based discrimination, but the Practice recognizes that discrimination can be related to or affected by other identities
beyond gender (see NY EEO Statement and Nonharassment Policy). Our different identities impact our understanding of the world and
how others perceive us. For example, an individual's race, ability, or immigration status may impact their experience with gender
discrimination in the workplace. While this policy is focused on sexual harassment and gender discrimination, the methods for reporting
and investigating discrimination based on other protected identities are the same. The purpose of this policy is to teach employees to
recognize discrimination, including discrimination due to an individual's intersecting identities, and provide the tools to take action when it
occurs. All employees, managers, and supervisors are required to work in a manner designed to prevent sexual harassment and
discrimination in the workplace. This policy is one component of the Practice's commitment to a discrimination-free work environment.

Goals of this Policy

Sexual harassment and discrimination are against the law. After reading this policy, employees will understand their right to a workplace
free from harassment. Employees will also learn what harassment and discrimination look like, what actions they can take to prevent and
report harassment, and how they are protected from retaliation after taking action. The policy will also explain the investigation process
into any claims of harassment. Employees are encouraged to report sexual harassment or discrimination by filing a complaint internally
with the Practice, with a government agency, or in court under federal, state, or local antidiscrimination laws. To file a complaint internally,
use the complaint form attached to the end of this handbook and submit it to Dr. Inzinna. To file an employment complaint with the New
York State Division of Human Rights, visit https://dhr.ny.gov/complaint. To file a complaint with the United States Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission, visit https://www.eeoc.gov/filing-charge-discrimination.


Sexual Harassment and Discrimination Prevention Policy

   1. DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC's policy applies to all employees, applicants for employment, and interns,
      whether paid or unpaid. The policy also applies to additional covered individuals. It applies to anyone who is (or is employed by) a
      contractor, subcontractor, vendor, consultant, or anyone providing services in our workplace. These individuals include persons
      commonly referred to as independent contractors, gig workers, and temporary workers. Also included are persons providing
      equipment repair, cleaning services, or any other services through a contract with the Practice. For the remainder of this policy, we
      will use the term "covered individual" to refer to these individuals who are not direct employees of the Practice.
   2. Sexual harassment is unacceptable. Any employee or covered individual who engages in sexual harassment, discrimination, or
      retaliation will be subject to action, including appropriate discipline for employees. In New York, harassment does not need to be
      severe or pervasive to be illegal. Employees and covered individuals should not feel discouraged from reporting harassment
      because they do not believe it is bad enough, or conversely because they do not want to see a colleague fired over less severe
      behavior. Just as harassment can happen in different degrees, potential discipline for engaging in sexual harassment will depend
      on the degree of harassment and might include education and counseling. It may lead to suspension or termination when
      appropriate.
   3. Retaliation is prohibited. Any employee or covered individual that reports an incident of sexual harassment or discrimination,
      provides information, or otherwise assists in any investigation of a sexual harassment or discrimination complaint is protected from
      retaliation. No one should fear reporting sexual harassment if they believe it has occurred. So long as a person reasonably believes
      that they have witnessed or experienced such behavior, they are protected from retaliation. Any employee of the Practice who
      retaliates against anyone involved in a sexual harassment or discrimination investigation will face disciplinary action, up to and
      including termination. All employees and covered individuals working in the workplace who believe they have been subject to such
      retaliation should inform their Supervisor or [[appropriate person or department]]. All employees and covered individuals who
      believe they have been a target of such retaliation may also seek relief from government agencies, as explained in the Legal
      Protections section below.
   4. Discrimination of any kind, including sexual harassment, is a violation of our policies, is unlawful, and may subject the Practice to
      liability for the harm experienced by targets of discrimination. Harassers may also be individually subject to liability, and employers
      or supervisors who fail to report or act on harassment may be liable for aiding and abetting such behavior. Employees at every level
      who engage in harassment or discrimination, including managers and supervisors who engage in harassment or discrimination or
      who allow such behavior to continue, will be penalized for such misconduct.
   5. The Practice will conduct a prompt and thorough investigation that is fair to all parties. An investigation will happen whenever
      management receives a complaint about discrimination or sexual harassment, or when management otherwise knows of possible
      discrimination or sexual harassment occurring. The Practice will keep the investigation confidential to the extent possible. If an
      investigation ends with the finding that discrimination or sexual harassment occurred, the Practice will act as required. In addition to
      any required discipline, the Practice will also take steps to ensure a safe work environment for the employee(s) who experienced


                                                                       23
     the discrimination or harassment. All employees, including managers and supervisors, are required to cooperate with any internal
     investigation of discrimination or sexual harassment.
  6. All employees and covered individuals are encouraged to report any harassment or behaviors that violate this policy. All employees
     will have access to a complaint form to report harassment and file complaints. Use of this form is not required. For anyone who
     would rather make a complaint verbally, or by email, these complaints will be treated with equal priority. Employees who prefer not
     to report harassment to their Supervisor or the Practice may instead report harassment to the New York State Division of Human
     Rights and/or the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Complaints may be made to both the employer and a
     government agency. Managers and supervisors are required to report any complaint that they receive, or any harassment that they
     observe or become aware of, to [[appropriate person or department]].
  7. This policy applies to all employees and covered individuals, such as contractors, subcontractors, vendors, consultants, or anyone
     providing services in the workplace, and all must follow and uphold this policy. This policy must be provided to all employees in
     person or digitally through email upon hiring and will be posted prominently in all work locations. For those offices operating
     remotely, in addition to sending the policy through email, it will also be available on the Practice's shared network.


What Is Sexual Harassment?

Sexual harassment is a form of gender-based discrimination that is unlawful under federal, state, and (where applicable) local law. Sexual
harassment includes harassment on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, self-identified or perceived sex, gender expression, gender
identity, and the status of being transgender. Sexual harassment is not limited to sexual contact, touching, or expressions of a sexually
suggestive nature. Sexual harassment includes all forms of gender discrimination, including gender role stereotyping and treating
employees differently because of their gender.

Understanding gender diversity is essential to recognizing sexual harassment because discrimination based on sex stereotypes, gender
expression, and perceived identity are all forms of sexual harassment. The gender spectrum is nuanced, but the three most common
ways people identify are cisgender, transgender, and non-binary. A cisgender person is someone whose gender aligns with the sex they
were assigned at birth. Generally, this gender will align with the binary of male or female. A transgender person is someone whose
gender is different than the sex they were assigned at birth. A non-binary person does not identify exclusively as a man or a woman.
They might identify as both, somewhere in between, or completely outside the gender binary. Some may identify as transgender, but not
all do. Respecting an individual's gender identity is a necessary first step in establishing a safe workplace.

Sexual harassment is unlawful when it subjects an individual to inferior terms, conditions, or privileges of employment. Harassment does
not need to be severe or pervasive to be illegal. It can be any harassing behavior that rises above petty slights or trivial inconveniences.
Every instance of harassment is unique to those experiencing it, and there is no single boundary between petty slights and harassing
behavior. However, the Human Rights Law specifies that whether harassing conduct is considered petty or trivial is to be viewed from the
standpoint of a reasonable victim of discrimination with the same protected characteristics. Generally, any behavior in which an employee
or covered individual is treated worse because of their gender (perceived or actual), sexual orientation, or gender expression is
considered a violation of the Practice's policy. The intent of the behavior, for example, making a joke, does not neutralize a harassment
claim. Not intending to harass is not a defense. The impact of the behavior on a person is what counts. Sexual harassment includes any
unwelcome conduct that is either directed at an individual because of that individual's gender identity or expression (perceived or actual),
or is of a sexual nature when:

      The purpose or effect of this behavior unreasonably interferes with an individual's work performance or creates an intimidating,
      hostile, or offensive work environment. The impacted person does not need to be the intended target of the sexual harassment;
      Employment depends implicitly or explicitly on accepting such unwelcome behavior; or
      Decisions regarding an individual's employment are based on an individual's acceptance or rejection of such behavior. Such
      decisions can include what shifts and how many hours an employee might work, project assignments, as well as salary and
      promotion decisions.

There are two main types of sexual harassment:

      Behaviors that contribute to a hostile work environment include, but are not limited to, words, signs, jokes, pranks, intimidation, or
      physical violence that are of a sexual nature or that are directed at an individual because of that individual's sex, gender identity, or
      gender expression. Sexual harassment also consists of any unwanted verbal or physical advances, sexually explicit derogatory, or
      discriminatory statements that an employee finds offensive or objectionable, causes an employee discomfort or humiliation, or
      interferes with their job performance.
      Sexual harassment also occurs when a person in authority tries to trade job benefits for sexual favors. This can include hiring,
      promotion, continued employment, or any other terms, conditions, or privileges of employment. This is also called quid pro quo
      harassment.


                                                                      24
Any employee or covered individual who feels harassed is encouraged to report the behavior so that any violation of this policy can be
corrected promptly. Any harassing conduct, even a single incident, can be discrimination and is covered by this policy.


Examples of Sexual Harassment

The following describes some of the types of acts that may be unlawful sexual harassment and that are strictly prohibited. This list is just
a sample of behaviors and should not be considered exhaustive. Any employee who believes they have experienced sexual
harassment, even if it does not appear on this list, should feel encouraged to report it.

       Physical acts of a sexual nature, such as:
             Touching, pinching, patting, kissing, hugging, grabbing, or brushing against or poking another employee's body; or
             Rape, sexual battery, molestation, or attempts to commit these assaults, which may be considered criminal conduct outside
            the scope of this policy (contact local law enforcement if you wish to pursue criminal charges).
       Unwanted sexual comments, advances, or propositions, such as:
            Requests for sexual favors accompanied by implied or overt threats concerning the target's job performance evaluation, a
            promotion, or other job benefits (can include sexual advances/pressure placed on a service industry employee by customers
            or clients, especially those industries where hospitality and tips are essential to the customer/employee relationship);
            Subtle or obvious pressure for unwelcome sexual activities; or
            Repeated requests for dates or romantic gestures, including gift-giving.
       Sexually oriented gestures, noises, remarks, or jokes, or questions and comments about a person's sexuality, sexual experience, or
       romantic history that create a hostile work environment. This is not limited to interactions in person. Remarks made over virtual
       platforms and in messaging apps when employees are working remotely can create a similarly hostile work environment.
       Sex stereotyping, which occurs when someone's conduct or personality traits are judged based on other people's ideas or
       perceptions about how individuals of a particular sex should act or look:
              Remarks regarding an employee's gender expression, such as wearing a garment typically associated with a different gender
              identity; or
              Asking employees to take on traditionally gendered roles, such as asking a woman to serve meeting refreshments when it is
              not part of, or appropriate to, her job duties.
       Sexual or discriminatory displays or publications anywhere in the workplace, such as displaying pictures, posters, calendars, graffiti,
       objects, promotional material, reading materials, or other materials that are sexually demeaning or pornographic. This includes such
       sexual displays on workplace computers or cell phones and sharing such displays while in the workplace. This also extends to the
       virtual or remote workspace and can include having such materials visible in the background of one's home during a virtual
       meeting.
       Hostile actions taken against an individual because of that individual's sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender
       expression, such as:
            Interfering with, destroying, or damaging a person's workstation, tools, or equipment, or otherwise interfering with the
            individual's ability to perform the job;
            Sabotaging an individual's work;
             Bullying, yelling, or name-calling;
             Intentional misuse of an individual's preferred pronouns; or
             Creating different expectations for individuals based on their perceived identities, such as dress codes that place more
             emphasis on women's attire, or leaving parents/caregivers out of meetings.


Who Can Be a Target of Sexual Harassment?

Sexual harassment can occur between any individuals, regardless of their sex or gender. Harassment does not have to be between
members of the opposite sex or gender. New York law protects employees and all covered individuals described earlier in the policy.
Harassers can be anyone in the workplace. A supervisor, a supervisee, or a coworker can all be harassers. Anyone else in the
workplace can also be a harasser, including an independent contractor, contract worker, vendor, client, customer, patient, constituent, or
visitor.

Sexual harassment does not happen in a vacuum, and discrimination experienced by an employee can be impacted by biases and
identities beyond an individual's gender. For example:

       Placing different demands or expectations on Black female employees than white female employees can be both racial and gender
       discrimination;
       An individual's immigration status may lead to perceptions of vulnerability and increased concerns around illegal retaliation for
       reporting sexual harassment; or


                                                                      25
      Past experiences as a survivor of domestic or sexual violence may lead an individual to feel retraumatized by someone's behaviors
      in the workplace.

Individuals bring personal history with them to the workplace that might impact how they interact with certain behavior. It is especially
important for all employees to be aware of how words or actions might impact someone with a different experience than their own in the
interest of creating a safe and equitable workplace.


Where Can Sexual Harassment Occur?

Unlawful sexual harassment is not limited to the physical workplace itself. It can occur while employees are traveling for business or at
employer- or industry-sponsored events or parties. Calls, texts, emails, and social media usage by employees or covered individuals can
constitute unlawful workplace harassment, even if they occur away from the workplace premises, on personal devices, or during nonwork
hours.

Sexual harassment can occur when employees are working remotely from home as well. Any behaviors outlined above that leave an
employee feeling uncomfortable, humiliated, or unable to meet their job requirements constitutes harassment even if the employee is at
home when the harassment occurs. Harassment can happen on virtual meeting platforms, in messaging apps, and after working hours
between personal cell phones.


Retaliation

Retaliation is unlawful and is any action by an employer or supervisor that punishes an individual upon learning of a harassment claim,
that seeks to discourage a worker or covered individual from making a formal complaint or supporting a sexual harassment or
discrimination claim, or that punishes those who have come forward. These actions need not be job related or occur in the workplace to
constitute unlawful retaliation. For example, threats of physical violence outside of work hours or disparaging someone on social media
would be covered as retaliation under this policy.

Examples of retaliation may include, but are not limited to:

      Demoting, terminating, denying accommodations, reduced hours, or the assignment of less desirable shifts;
      Publicly releasing personnel files;
      Refusing to provide a reference or providing an unwarranted negative reference;
      Labeling an employee as "difficult" and excluding them from projects to avoid "drama";
      Undermining an individual's immigration status; or
      Reducing work responsibilities, passing over for a promotion, or moving an individual's desk to a less desirable office location.

Such retaliation is unlawful under federal, state, and (where applicable) local law. The New York State Human Rights Law protects any
individual who has engaged in "protected activity." Protected activity occurs when a person has:

      Made a complaint of sexual harassment or discrimination, either internally or with any government agency;
      Testified or assisted in a proceeding involving sexual harassment or discrimination under the Human Rights Law or any other
      antidiscrimination law;
      Opposed sexual harassment or discrimination by making a verbal or informal complaint to management, or by simply informing a
      supervisor or manager of suspected harassment;
      Reported that another employee has been sexually harassed or discriminated against; or
      Encouraged another employee to report harassment.

Even if the alleged harassment does not turn out to rise to the level of a violation of law, the individual is protected from retaliation if the
person had a good faith belief that the practices were unlawful. However, the retaliation provision is not intended to protect persons
making intentionally false charges of harassment.


Reporting Sexual Harassment

Everyone must work toward preventing sexual harassment, but leadership matters. Supervisors and managers have a special
responsibility to make sure employees feel safe at work and that workplaces are free from harassment and discrimination. Any
employee or covered individual is encouraged to report harassing or discriminatory behavior to their Supervisor or [[appropriate person or
department]]. Anyone who witnesses or becomes aware of potential instances of sexual harassment should report such behavior to their
Supervisor or [[appropriate person or department].

Reports of sexual harassment may be made verbally or in writing. A written complaint form is attached to this policy for employees to use,


                                                                        26
but the complaint form is not required. If you are reporting sexual harassment on behalf of someone else, you may use the complaint form
and should note that it is on another's behalf. A verbal or otherwise written complaint (such as an email) on behalf of oneself or another is
also acceptable.

Employees and covered individuals who believe they have been a target of sexual harassment may at any time seek assistance in
additional available forums, as explained in the Legal Protections section below.


Supervisory Responsibilities

Supervisors and managers have a responsibility to prevent sexual harassment and discrimination. All supervisors and managers who
receive a complaint or information about suspected sexual harassment, observe what may be sexually harassing or discriminatory
behavior, or for any reason suspect that sexual harassment or discrimination is occurring, are required to report such suspected sexual
harassment to [[appropriate person or department]]. Managers and supervisors should not be passive and wait for an employee to make
a claim of harassment. If they observe such behavior, they must act.

Supervisors and managers can be disciplined if they engage in sexually harassing or discriminatory behavior themselves. Supervisors
and managers can also be disciplined for failing to report suspected sexual harassment or allowing sexual harassment to continue after
they know about it.

Supervisors and managers will also be subject to discipline for engaging in any retaliation.

While supervisors and managers have a responsibility to report harassment and discrimination, they must be mindful of the impact that
harassment and a subsequent investigation has on victims. Being identified as a possible victim of harassment and questioned about
harassment and discrimination can be intimidating, uncomfortable, and re-traumatizing for individuals. Supervisors and managers must
accommodate the needs of individuals who have experienced harassment to ensure the workplace is safe, supportive, and free from
retaliation for them during and after any investigation.


Bystander Intervention

Any employee witnessing harassment as a bystander is encouraged to report it. A supervisor or manager that is a bystander to
harassment is required to report it. There are five standard methods of bystander intervention that can be used when anyone witnesses
harassment or discrimination and wants to help.

   1. A bystander can interrupt the harassment by engaging with the individual being harassed and distracting them from the harassing
      behavior;
   2. A bystander who feels unsafe interrupting on their own can ask a third party to help intervene in the harassment;
   3. A bystander can record or take notes on the harassment incident to benefit a future investigation;
   4. A bystander might check in with the person who has been harassed after the incident, see how they are feeling, and let them know
      the behavior was not ok; and
   5. If a bystander feels safe, they can confront the harassers and name the behavior as inappropriate. When confronting harassment,
      physically assaulting an individual is never an appropriate response.

Though not exhaustive, and dependent on the circumstances, these guidelines can serve as a brief guide on how to react when
witnessing harassment in the workplace. Any employee witnessing harassment as a bystander is encouraged to report it. A supervisor or
manager that is a bystander to harassment is required to report it.


Complaints and Investigations of Sexual Harassment

All complaints or information about sexual harassment will be investigated, whether that information was reported in verbal or written
form. An investigation of any complaint, information, or knowledge of suspected sexual harassment will be prompt, thorough, and started
and completed as soon as possible. The investigation will be kept confidential to the extent possible. All individuals involved, including
those making a harassment claim, witnesses, and alleged harassers, deserve a fair and impartial investigation.

Any employee may be required to cooperate as needed in an investigation of suspected sexual harassment. The Practice will take
disciplinary action against anyone engaging in retaliation against employees who file complaints, support another's complaint, or
participate in harassment investigations.

The Practice recognizes that participating in a harassment investigation can be uncomfortable and has the potential to retraumatize an
individual. Those receiving claims and leading investigations will handle complaints and questions with sensitivity toward those
participating.


                                                                      27
While the process may vary from case to case, investigations will be done in accordance with the following steps. Upon receipt of a
complaint, Dr. Inzinna will:

   1. Conduct a prompt review of the allegations, assess the appropriate scope of the investigation, and take any interim actions (for
      example, instructing the individual(s) about whom the complaint was made to refrain from communications with the individual(s)
      who reported the harassment), as appropriate. If the complaint is verbal, request that the individual completes the complaint form in
      writing. If the person reporting prefers not to fill out the form, Dr. Inzinna will prepare a complaint form or equivalent documentation
      based on the verbal reporting;
   2. Take steps to obtain, review, and preserve documents sufficient to assess the allegations, including documents, emails, or phone
      records that may be relevant to the investigation. Dr. Inzinna will consider and implement appropriate document request, review,
      and preservation measures, including for electronic communications;
   3. Seek to interview all parties involved, including any relevant witnesses;
   4. Create a written documentation of the investigation (such as a letter, memo, or email), which contains the following:
           A list of all documents reviewed, along with a detailed summary of relevant documents;
            A list of names of those interviewed, along with a detailed summary of their statements;
            A timeline of events;
            A summary of any prior relevant incidents disclosed in the investigation, reported or unreported; and
           The basis for the decision and final resolution of the complaint, together with any corrective action(s).
   5. Keep the written documentation and associated documents in a secure and confidential location;
   6. Promptly notify the individual(s) who reported the harassment and the individual(s) about whom the complaint was made that the
      investigation has been completed and implement any corrective actions identified in the written document; and
   7. Inform the individual(s) who reported of the right to file a complaint or charge externally as outlined in the next section.


Legal Protections and External Remedies

Sexual harassment is not only prohibited by the Practice, but it is also prohibited by state, federal, and, where applicable, local law.

The internal process outlined in this policy is one way for employees to report sexual harassment. Employees and covered individuals
may also choose to pursue legal remedies with the following governmental entities. While a private attorney is not required to file a
complaint with a governmental agency, you may also seek the legal advice of an attorney.

New York State Division of Human Rights

The New York State Human Rights Law, N.Y. Executive Law, art. 15, § 290 et seq., applies to all employers in New York State and
protects employees and covered individuals, regardless of immigration status. A complaint alleging violation of the Human Rights Law
may be filed either with the New York State Division of Human Rights (DHR) or in the New York State Supreme Court.

Complaints of sexual harassment filed with DHR may be submitted any time within three years of the harassment. If an individual does
not file a complaint with DHR, they can bring a lawsuit directly in state court under the Human Rights Law within three years of the
alleged sexual harassment. An individual may not file with DHR if they have already filed a Human Rights Law complaint in state court.

Complaining internally to the Practice does not extend your time to file with DHR or in court. The three years are counted from the date of
the most recent incident of harassment.

You do not need an attorney to file a complaint with DHR, and there is no cost to file with DHR.

DHR will investigate your complaint and determine whether there is probable cause to believe that sexual harassment occurred. Probable
cause cases receive a public hearing before an administrative law judge. If sexual harassment is found at the hearing, DHR has the
power to award relief. Relief varies, but it may include requiring your employer to take action to stop the harassment or repair the damage
caused by the harassment, including paying monetary damages, punitive damages, attorney's fees, and civil fines.

DHR's main office contact information is: NYS Division of Human Rights, One Fordham Plaza, Fourth Floor, Bronx, New York 10458. You
may call (718) 741-8400 or visit www.dhr.ny.gov.

Go to dhr.ny.gov/complaint for more information about filing a complaint with DHR. The website has a digital complaint process that can
be completed on your computer or mobile device from start to finish. The website has a complaint form that can be downloaded, filled out,
and mailed to DHR, as well as a form that can be submitted online. The website also contains contact information for DHR's regional
offices across New York State.

Call the DHR sexual harassment hotline at 1-(800)-HARASS3 for more information about filing a sexual harassment complaint. This
hotline can also provide you with a referral to a volunteer attorney experienced in sexual harassment matters who can provide you with

                                                                       28
limited free assistance and counsel over the phone.

The United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission

The United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) enforces federal antidiscrimination laws, including Title VII of the
1964 federal Civil Rights Act, 42 U.S.C. § 2000e et seq. An individual can file a complaint with the EEOC anytime within 300 days from
the most recent incident of harassment. There is no cost to file a complaint with the EEOC. The EEOC will investigate the complaint and
determine whether there is reasonable cause to believe that discrimination has occurred. If the EEOC determines that the law may have
been violated, the EEOC will try to reach a voluntary settlement with the employer. If the EEOC cannot reach a settlement, the EEOC (or
the Department of Justice in certain cases) will decide whether to file a lawsuit. The EEOC will issue a Notice of Right to Sue permitting
workers to file a lawsuit in federal court if the EEOC closes the charge, is unable to determine if federal employment discrimination laws
may have been violated, or believes that unlawful discrimination occurred but does not file a lawsuit.

Individuals may obtain relief in mediation, settlement, or conciliation. In addition, federal courts may award remedies if discrimination is
found to have occurred. In general, private employers must have at least 15 employees to come within the jurisdiction of the EEOC.

An employee alleging discrimination at work can file a "Charge of Discrimination." The EEOC has district, area, and field offices where
complaints can be filed. Contact the EEOC by calling 1-800-669-4000 (TTY: 1-800-669-6820), visiting their website at www.eeoc.gov, or
via email at info@eeoc.gov.

If an individual filed an administrative complaint with the New York State Division of Human Rights, DHR will automatically file the
complaint with the EEOC to preserve the right to proceed in federal court.

Local Protections

Many localities enforce laws protecting individuals from sexual harassment and discrimination. An individual should contact the county,
city, or town in which they live to find out if such a law exists. For example, employees who work in New York City may file complaints of
sexual harassment or discrimination with the New York City Commission on Human Rights. Contact their main office at Law Enforcement
Bureau of the NYC Commission on Human Rights, 22 Reade Street, 1st Floor, New York, New York; call 311 or (212) 306-7450; or visit
www.nyc.gov/html/cchr/html/home/home.shtml.

Contact the Local Police Department

If the harassment involves unwanted physical touching, coerced physical confinement, or coerced sex acts, the conduct may constitute a
crime. Those wishing to pursue criminal charges are encouraged to contact their local police department.


Conclusion

The policy outlined above is aimed at providing DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC employees and covered individuals
an understanding of their rights to a discrimination- and harassment-free workplace. Everyone should feel safe at work. Though the focus
of this policy is on sexual harassment and gender discrimination, the New York State Human Rights law protects against discrimination in
several protected classes, including sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, race, creed, color, national origin, military
status, disability, predisposing genetic characteristics, familial status, marital status, criminal history, or domestic violence survivor status.
The prevention policies outlined above should be considered applicable to all protected classes.


Wage and Hour Policies
Accommodations for Nursing Mothers
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC provides accommodations for nursing mothers to express milk in the workplace in
accordance with federal and New York law.


Reasonable Break Time to Express Milk

The Practice will provide nursing mothers with 30 minutes of paid break time (lactation breaks) to accommodate their need to express
breast milk for their nursing child whenever they have a reasonable need to express milk. If additional time is needed beyond the 30
minutes, existing paid break or meal time may be used. These lactation breaks will be provided for up to three years following the child's
birth.


Advance Notice of Need to Express Milk
                                                                        29
To ensure that the Practice can provide appropriate accommodations, you are encouraged to notify your Supervisor in writing of your
need to express milk at work, preferably before returning to work after childbirth. This notice should include the anticipated number of
breaks needed per day and any preferred times for these breaks. Written notice can be provided through email, text message, or any
other written communication method regularly used within the Practice. We will respond to this request within five business days and work
with you to establish a break schedule that accommodates both your needs and our business operations.


Lactation Location

The Practice will provide nursing mothers with a private room or other location, other than a restroom, to express milk. The room or
location will be well lit, in close proximity to the work area, and be shielded from view and free from intrusion from coworkers and the
public. The room or location will have a chair, a working surface, nearby access to clean running water, and an electrical outlet.

If the sole purpose or function of the room or location is not dedicated for use by employees to express breast milk, those who need the
room for expressing milk will be given priority use of the room, and their pumping needs will determine the availability of the room for
other purposes. The Practice will notify employees as soon as practical when the room or location has been designated for use to
express breast milk.

If compliance with the room/location requirements would impose an undue hardship on the Practice, we will make reasonable efforts to
provide a room or other location, other than a restroom or toilet stall, that is in close proximity to the work area where employees can
express breast milk in privacy. You may submit a lactation location request through Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW. We will respond to your
request within five business days.


Retaliation

The Practice will not discriminate or retaliate against employees who express breast milk in the workplace in accordance with this policy.


Required Notice

The Practice has provided you with a copy of the New York State Department of Labor's Policy on the Rights of Employees to Express
Breast Milk in the Workplace, which is attached as an addendum at the end of this handbook.

Meal Periods
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC strives to provide a safe and healthy work environment and complies with all federal
and state regulations regarding meal periods. Under New York law:

      Workers employed in, or in connection with, a factory are entitled to a 60-minute unpaid meal period between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m.,
      and a 60-minute unpaid meal period midway between the beginning and end of any shift that starts between 1 p.m. and 6 a.m. and
      lasts more than six hours.
      Non-factory workers are entitled to a 30-minute unpaid meal period between 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. for shifts longer than six hours that
      extend over that period, and a 45-minute unpaid meal period midway between the beginning and end of a shift that starts between
      1 p.m. and 6 a.m. and lasts more than six hours.
      All workers are entitled to an additional 20-minute unpaid meal period between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m. for workdays that extend from
      before 11 a.m. to after 7 p.m.

Applicable law also provides that the Practice may limit meal periods to a minimum of 30 minutes as long as there is no indication of
hardship to the employees.

You will not be required to work during your meal period unless otherwise permitted under applicable law.

Check with your Supervisor regarding procedures and schedules for meal periods.

The Practice requests that employees accurately observe and record meal periods. If you know in advance that you may not be able to
take your scheduled meal period or are not fully relieved of all duties, let your Supervisor know; in addition, notify your Supervisor as soon
as possible if you were unable to take or were prohibited from taking a meal period.

Overtime
If you are nonexempt, you may qualify for overtime pay. All overtime must be approved in advance, in writing, by your Supervisor.

At certain times DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC may require you to work overtime. We will attempt to give as much

                                                                      30
notice as possible in this instance. However, advance notice may not always be possible. Failure to work overtime when requested or
working unauthorized overtime may result in discipline, up to and including discharge.

Unless otherwise required or exempted by law, overtime pay of one and one-half times your regular rate of pay is paid for any hours
worked in excess of 40 hours in a workweek. Holidays, vacation days, and sick leave days do not count as time worked for computing
overtime.

Pay Period
At DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC, the standard pay period is biweekly for all employees. If a pay date falls on a
holiday, you will be paid on the preceding workday. If a pay date falls on a Saturday or Sunday, you will be paid on [the preceding Friday.
Special provisions may be required from time to time if holidays fall on pay dates. Check with your Supervisor if this type of date arises.

If you are paid by commission, refer to your commission agreement.

Review your paycheck for accuracy. If you find an issue, report it to your Supervisor immediately.


Benefits
Accommodations for Victims of Domestic Violence
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will provide reasonable accommodations to employees who are victims of domestic
violence who must be absent from work for a reasonable time, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship on the
Practice.

Accommodations include reasonable time off to:

      Seek medical attention for injuries caused by domestic violence, including for a child who is the victim of domestic violence;
      Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, program, or rape crisis center as a result of domestic violence;
      Obtain psychological counseling related to an incident or incidents of domestic violence, including for a child who is the victim of
      domestic violence;
      Participate in safety planning or other action taken to increase safety from future incidents of domestic violence (e.g., temporary or
      permanent relocation); or
      Obtain legal services, assist in the prosecution of an offense, or appear in court related to an incident of domestic violence.

A victim of domestic violence is any person who is older than 16, married, or is a parent accompanied by a minor child in a situation
where the individual or minor child is the victim of an act committed by a family or household member in violation of New York penal law.
The act must have resulted in actual physical or emotional injury or created a substantial risk of physical or emotional harm to the person
or their child.


Notice

You must provide reasonable advance notice of your intention to take time off for the above reasons unless advanced notice is not
feasible. If an unscheduled absence occurs, you must provide the following documentation within a reasonable amount of time after your
absence:

      A police report indicating that you or your child was a victim of domestic violence;
      A court order protecting or separating you or your child from the perpetrator of the domestic violence;
      Other evidence from the court or prosecuting attorney that you appeared in court; or
      Documentation from a medical professional, domestic violence advocate, health care provider, or counselor that you or your child
      underwent counseling or treatment for physical or mental injuries or abuse resulting from the domestic violence.


Confidentiality

The Practice will maintain the confidentiality of any information regarding your status as a victim of domestic violence, except as required
by federal or state law or as necessary to protect your safety in the workplace.


Compensation

The time off may be charged against any paid time off to which you are entitled. If you have no available paid time off, the time off may be
treated as unpaid time.

                                                                      31
Retaliation

The Practice will not retaliate against a victim of domestic violence for requesting or obtaining reasonable accommodation in accordance
with this policy.

Crime Victim and Witness Leave
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will provide eligible employees with time off from work, without pay, for any of the
following reasons:

      To comply with a subpoena to testify in a criminal proceeding (including time off to consult with the district attorney);
      To give a victim impact statement at a pre-sentencing proceeding;
      To give a statement at a sentencing proceeding; or
      To give a statement at a parole board hearing.

You are eligible for time off under this policy if you are:

      The victim of the crime at issue in the proceedings;
      The victim's next of kin;
      The victim's representative if the victim is deceased as a result of the offense;
      A "Good Samaritan"; or
      Pursuing an application or the enforcement of an order of protection as provided under relevant law.

For purpose of this policy:

      Good Samaritan means someone who acts in good faith to apprehend a person who has committed a crime in his or her
      presence, to prevent a crime or an attempted crime from occurring, or to aid a law enforcement officer in effecting an arrest.
      Victim's representative means a person who represents or stands in the place of another person, including but not limited to, an
      agent, attorney, guardian, conservator, executor, heir, or parent of a minor.

If you are required to attend a criminal proceeding either as a witness or as a crime victim (or a close family member of a crime victim),
you must notify your Supervisor as soon as possible and at least one day before taking leave to make scheduling arrangements. The
Practice reserves the right to require employees to provide proof of the need to attend the criminal proceedings to the extent authorized
by law.

The Practice will not retaliate against employees who request or take leave in accordance with this policy.

Disability Benefits
If you are unable to work for more than seven consecutive days due to a non-work-related illness or injury, or pregnancy-related disability,
you may be eligible for disability benefits. Disability benefits provide up to 26 weeks of partial wage replacement benefits during any 52-
consecutive-week period. Benefits are payable beginning on the eighth consecutive day of disability.

The cost of your disability insurance coverage is paid by DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC, shared between you and
the Practice through payroll deductions.

If you have been disabled for more than seven days, the Practice will provide you with a Form DB-271S, Statement of Rights, within five
days of learning that you are disabled. The Statement of Rights provides information on how to file a claim for benefits. You must file a
claim within the first 30 days of your disability or all or part of your claim may be rejected. You must be under the care of a physician,
chiropractor, podiatrist, psychologist, dentist, or certified nurse midwife to qualify for disability benefits.

Disability benefits are a wage replacement benefit, not a protected leave benefit. If you are temporarily disabled, you may be eligible for
job-protected leave under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act or other state or local law.

To learn more about the New York Disability Benefits law, including eligibility requirements and benefits, or to obtain a claim form (Form
DB-450), contact the New York State Workers' Compensation Board (www.wcb.ny.gov).

Jury Duty Leave
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC encourages employees to fulfill their civic duties related to jury duty. If you are
summoned for jury duty, notify your Supervisor as soon as possible to make scheduling arrangements.


                                                                      32
If you are classified as exempt, you will not incur any deduction in pay for a partial week's absence due to jury duty. If you are classified
as nonexempt, you will not be compensated for time spent on jury duty. You may opt to use PTO/vacation in place of unpaid leave.

The Practice reserves the right to require employees to provide proof of jury duty service to the extent authorized by law.

The Practice will not retaliate against employees who request or take leave in accordance with this policy.

Paid Family Leave
New York's Paid Family Leave (PFL) program provides eligible employees with job-protected, paid time off to:

      Bond with a newly born, adopted, or foster child.
      Care for a family member with a serious health condition.
      Assist in situations when a spouse, domestic partner, child, or parent is deployed abroad on active military service.


Eligibility

Eligible employees may take PFL leave as follows:

      If you work full time (a regular schedule of 20 or more hours per week), you are eligible after 26 consecutive weeks of employment.
      If you work part time (a regular schedule of less than 20 hours per week), you are eligible after working 175 days, which do not
      need to be consecutive.


Amount of Benefit

You will be provided up to 12 weeks of leave at 67 percent of your weekly pay (capped at 67 percent of statewide average pay).

You may not use accrued paid leave in order to receive full pay while on PFL.


Funding

PFL is funded through employee payroll contributions that are set each year to match the cost of coverage. The rate of employee
contributions is reviewed annually and is subject to change by the New York State Department of Financial Services.

If you are not eligible for PFL, you will be provided a waiver to sign, and PFL contributions will not be deducted from your wages.


Qualifying Events

If you are eligible, you may use PFL for the following reasons:

      New child: You may take PFL during the first 12 months following the birth, adoption, or fostering of a child. Expectant mothers
      cannot take PFL for their own pregnancy. PFL for the birth of a child begins after the child's birth and is not available for prenatal
      conditions.
      Serious health condition: You may take PFL to care for a family member with a serious health condition. The relative may live
      outside of New York State and even outside the country. You cannot take PFL for your own health condition.
      Military active service deployment: You may take PFL when your spouse, domestic partner, child, or parent is deployed abroad
      on active military service or has been notified of an impending military deployment abroad. You cannot use PFL for your own
      qualifying military event.

As used in this policy:

      Family member includes a spouse, domestic partner, child and stepchild, parent and stepparent, parent-in-law, grandparent,
      grandchild, and sibling (biological, adopted, half, and step).
      Serious health condition is an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition, including transplant preparation and
      recovery from surgery related to organ or tissue donation, that involves inpatient care in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical
      facility; or continuing medical treatment or continuing supervision by a health care provider.


Health Insurance

Your health insurance will continue while you are on leave; however, if you contribute to the cost of your health insurance, you must
continue to pay your portion of the premium cost while on leave.


                                                                      33
Interaction with Other Laws

PFL may be taken by employees who are eligible for time off under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA). PFL will run
concurrently with designated FMLA leave when the reason for leave qualifies under both PFL and FMLA. Eligible employees must then
apply for both PFL and FMLA.

You may not receive short-term disability and PFL benefits at the same time. You may not take more than 26 combined weeks of short-
term disability and PFL in a 52-week period.

If you are unable to work and qualify for workers' compensation benefits, you may not use PFL benefits at the same time as you are
receiving workers' compensation benefits. If you are receiving reduced earnings, you may be eligible for PFL.


Notice and Required Documentation

Notify Dr. Inzinna if you intend to use PFL. If leave is foreseeable, you must give 30 days' advance notice so the Practice can plan for
your absence. If the event was not foreseeable, notify Dr. Inzinna as soon as possible. If you fail to give notice without unusual
circumstances justifying the failure, PFL may be delayed or partially denied.

You must provide documentation in support of your PFL request within 30 days after the leave begins. The Practice may require
additional proof during your leave, but not more often than once a week. Proof must include a statement of disability from the leave
recipient's health care provider.


Returning to Work

On return from PFL, you will be reinstated to your original position, or if no longer available, an equivalent position with equivalent terms
and conditions of employment, including pay and employment benefits.

Use of PFL will not result in the loss of any employment benefit that accrued before the start of your family leave that was not used during
your family leave.


Retaliation

The Practice will not retaliate against employees who request or take leave in accordance with this policy.


Additional Information

If you have additional questions regarding PFL, contact Dr. Inzinna or visit https://paidfamilyleave.ny.gov/.

Paid Prenatal Personal Leave
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will provide employees with 20 hours of paid prenatal personal leave during any 52-
week calendar period. Paid prenatal personal leave is in addition to leave provided under New York’s Sick Leave Law.

Paid prenatal personal leave may be used for healthcare services during or related to your pregnancy, including physical examinations,
medical procedures, monitoring and testing, and discussions with your healthcare provider related to your pregnancy.

Paid prenatal personal leave may be taken in hourly increments and will be compensated at your regular rate of pay or the applicable
minimum wage, whichever is greater.

If your need for leave is foreseeable, provide notice as soon as possible. If unforeseeable, provide notice as soon as practical. You are
not required to provide documentation supporting your need for leave.

Upon return to work following any paid prenatal personal leave, you will be restored to the position you held prior to taking leave or a
position with the same pay and other terms and conditions of employment.

You will not be compensated for unused paid prenatal personal leave when your employment ends.

The Practice will not retaliate against employees who request or take leave in accordance with this policy.


Paid Sick Leave (Accrual Method)
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC provides paid sick leave to eligible employees in accordance with New York law.

                                                                      34
Eligibility

All employees are eligible for sick leave.


Reasons for Leave

Sick leave may be used for the following purposes:

      For your own or a family member's mental or physical illness, injury, or health condition regardless of whether such illness, injury, or
      health condition has been diagnosed or requires medical care at the time that you request leave;
      For the diagnosis, care, or treatment of your own or a family member's mental or physical illness, injury, or health condition or need
      for medical diagnosis or preventive care; or
      For your absence from work when you or your family member has been the victim of domestic violence, a family offense, sexual
      offense, stalking, or human trafficking, and you need to:
             Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, rape crisis center, or other services program;
             Participate in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocate, or take other actions to increase your safety or the safety
             of your family members;
             Meet with an attorney or other social services provider to obtain information and advice on, and prepare for or participate in,
             any criminal or civil proceeding;
             File a complaint or domestic incident report with law enforcement;
             Meet with a district attorney's office;
             Enroll children in a new school; or
             Take any other actions necessary to ensure your or a family member's health or safety or to protect those who associate or
             work with you.

If you are responsible for the domestic violence, family offense, sexual offense, stalking, or human trafficking, you are not eligible for leave
under this policy.

Family member means:

      Your child, spouse, domestic partner, parent, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent; or
      The child or parent of your spouse or domestic partner.

Parent means:

      Your biological, foster, step, or adoptive parent; or
      A person who acted as your legal guardian or a person who stood in loco parentis when you were a minor child.

Child means:

      Your biological, adopted, or foster child;
      A legal ward; or
      A child for which you stand in loco parentis.


Accrual and Usage

Eligible employees accrue one hour of sick leave for every 30 hours worked, beginning on their first day of employment. You may begin
using sick leave as it accrues.

You may use up to a maximum of 40 hours of sick leave in a leave year. For purposes of this policy, the leave year is any consecutive 12-
month period (e.g., calendar year, fiscal year, employee work anniversary). The minimum increment of sick leave that you may take at
one time is may not exceed four hours. Unused sick leave will carry over to the following leave year; however, you may still only use 40
hours of sick leave in a leave year.


Compensation

You will be paid at your regular rate of pay or the applicable minimum wage, whichever is greater.


Notice

If the need for leave is foreseeable, you must provide reasonable notice of your need for leave. If unforeseeable, provide notice as soon

                                                                      35
as practical. If known, notice should include the expected length of the absence.


Documentation

If you use sick leave for three or more consecutive days, you may be required to provide reasonable documentation confirming your
eligibility for leave. Reasonable documentation is limited to the following:

      A statement from a licensed medical provider attesting to your need for sick leave, the amount of leave needed, and the date you
      may return to work; or
      A statement from you attesting to your eligibility for leave.

The statement does not need to explain the nature of the illness or details related to the domestic violence, family offense, sexual offense,
stalking, or human trafficking that necessitates the use of leave.


Confidentiality

Details surrounding your request for leave will be kept confidential, except as required by federal or state law or as necessary to protect
your safety in the workplace.


Recordkeeping

You may request (verbally or in writing) a summary of the amounts of sick leave you have accrued and used in the current calendar year
and/or any previous calendar year. This information will be provided within three business days.


Payment upon Termination

You will not be paid for any unused sick leave when your employment ends.


Retaliation

The Practice will not retaliate against employees who request or take leave in accordance with this policy.

Paid Sick Leave (Frontloading Method)
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC provides paid sick leave to eligible employees in accordance with New York law.


Eligibility

All employees are eligible for sick leave.


Reasons for Leave

Sick leave may be used for the following purposes:

      For your own or a family member's mental or physical illness, injury, or health condition regardless of whether such illness, injury, or
      health condition has been diagnosed or requires medical care at the time that you request leave;
      For the diagnosis, care, or treatment of your own or a family member's mental or physical illness, injury, or health condition or need
      for medical diagnosis or preventive care; or
      For your absence from work when you or your family member has been the victim of domestic violence, a family offense, sexual
      offense, stalking, or human trafficking, and you need to:
            Obtain services from a domestic violence shelter, rape crisis center, or other services program;
            Participate in safety planning, temporarily or permanently relocate, or take other actions to increase your safety or the safety
            of your family members;
            Meet with an attorney or other social services provider to obtain information and advice on, and prepare for or participate in,
            any criminal or civil proceeding;
            File a complaint or domestic incident report with law enforcement;
            Meet with a district attorney's office;
            Enroll children in a new school; or
            Take any other actions necessary to ensure your or a family member's health or safety or to protect those who associate or
            work with you.

                                                                      36
If you are responsible for the domestic violence, family offense, sexual offense, stalking, or human trafficking, you are not eligible for leave
under this policy.

Family member means:

      Your child, spouse, domestic partner, parent, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent; or
      The child or parent of your spouse or domestic partner.

Parent means:

      Your biological, foster, step, or adoptive parent; or
      A person who acted as your legal guardian or a person who stood in loco parentis when you were a minor child.

Child means:

      Your biological, adopted, or foster child;
      A legal ward; or
      A child for which you stand in loco parentis.


Amount of Leave and Usage

Eligible employees will be provided 40 hours of sick leave at the beginning of each leave year. For purposes of this policy, the leave year
is any consecutive 12-month period (e.g., calendar year, fiscal year, employee work anniversary). IF YOUR COMPANY LEAVE YEAR IS
NOT BASED ON EACH EMPLOYEE'S WORK ANNIVERSARY, INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING: If you started employment after the
beginning of the leave year, you will be provided a corresponding amount of sick leave as required by law.

The minimum increment of leave that you may take at one time is may not exceed four hours. Unused sick leave will carry over to the
following leave year; however, you may still only use 40 hours of sick leave in a leave year.


Compensation

You will be paid at your regular rate of pay or the applicable minimum wage, whichever is greater.


Notice

If the need for leave is foreseeable, you must provide reasonable notice of your need for leave. If unforeseeable, provide notice as soon
as practical. If known, notice should include the expected length of the absence.


Documentation

If you use sick leave for three or more consecutive days, you may be required to provide reasonable documentation confirming your
eligibility for leave. Reasonable documentation is limited to the following:

      A statement from a licensed medical provider attesting to your need for sick leave, the amount of leave needed, and the date you
      may return to work; or
      A statement from you attesting to your eligibility for leave.

The statement does not need to explain the nature of the illness or details related to the domestic violence, family offense, sexual offense,
stalking, or human trafficking that necessitates the use of leave.


Confidentiality

Details surrounding your request for leave will be kept confidential, except as required by federal or state law or as necessary to protect
your safety in the workplace.


Recordkeeping

You may request (verbally or in writing) a summary of the amounts of sick leave you have accrued and used in the current calendar year
and/or any previous calendar year. This information will be provided within three business days.


Payment upon Termination

                                                                      37
You will not be paid for any unused sick leave when your employment ends.


Retaliation

The Practice will not retaliate against employees who request or take leave in accordance with this policy.

Voting Leave
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC encourages all employees to fulfill their civic responsibility and to vote in public
elections. Most work schedules provide sufficient time to vote either before or after working hours. If the polls are open for at least four
consecutive hours before or after the work shift, you will be deemed to have sufficient time outside of work hours to vote.

If you do not have sufficient time before or after work to vote, you may take enough time off at the beginning or end of your work shift to
vote. Up to two hours' time off for this purpose will be provided without loss of pay.

You must request time off to vote from your Supervisor at least two working days prior to Election Day so that the necessary time off can
be scheduled at the beginning or end of the work shift, whichever provides the least disruption to normal business operations.

The Practice will not retaliate or tolerate retaliation against employees who request or take leave under this policy. If you believe that you
are being retaliated against because you requested or took leave under this policy, immediately report it to your Supervisor.


Safety and Loss Prevention
Airborne Infectious Disease Exposure Prevention Plan
Airborne Infectious Disease Exposure Prevention Plan

This policy is adopted to comply with the New York Health and Essential Rights Act (HERO Act). The purpose of this plan is to protect the
health and safety of employees during an airborne infectious disease outbreak declared by the New York State Commissioner of Health.

Scope
This plan applies to all DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC employees. While most work at DR. INZINNA
PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC is performed remotely (telehealth and administrative work), certain employees may occasionally
work in our Manhattan office. This plan applies in both settings.

During Remote Work

      Employees working from home must follow public health guidance related to preventing the spread of infectious diseases (e.g.,
      masking when required in shared settings, isolating when symptomatic or after a positive test, practicing hand hygiene).

      Meetings and supervision will continue to be conducted virtually when practicable.

During Office-Based Work
When employees are present in the Manhattan office during a declared airborne infectious disease outbreak, DR. INZINNA
PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will implement the following controls:

      Health Screening: employees are required to self-monitor for symptoms before coming to the office. Anyone who is sick, has
      tested positive, or has been exposed as defined by public health guidance should not enter the office.

      Face Coverings: DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will follow NYS Department of Health and CDC guidance
      regarding face coverings. Employees may be required to wear masks in shared spaces.

      Physical Distancing: Office seating and common areas will be arranged to promote distancing as recommended by public health
      guidance.

      Hand Hygiene: Hand sanitizer and soap will be provided. Employees are expected to wash or sanitize hands regularly.

      Cleaning and Disinfection: DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will clean high-touch surfaces regularly and
      provide disinfecting wipes for use after shared equipment or space.

      Ventilation: DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC will maintain HVAC and ventilation systems consistent with public
      health recommendations.


                                                                       38
      Leave and Remote Work: If an employees is ill or exposed, they will not be required to come into the office and may work
      remotely if able, or take appropriate leave under company policy and applicable law.

Retaliation Prohibited
DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC strictly prohibits retaliation against employees for:

      Reporting concerns about exposure risks,

      Exercising rights under the HERO Act, or

      Refusing to work in an environment that puts them at unreasonable risk of exposure as defined by law.

Activation of Plan
This plan will be activated only when the New York State Commissioner of Health designates a highly contagious communicable disease
as a serious risk to public health.

Questions
Any questions regarding this plan should be directed to your Supervisor.




                                                                   39
                                                      Closing Statement
Thank you for reading our handbook. We hope it has provided you with an understanding of our mission, history, and structure as well as
our current policies and guidelines. We look forward to working with you to create a successful Practice and a safe, productive, and
pleasant workplace.

Dr. Gregory Inzinna, PsyD, President

DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC




                                                                    40
                                     Acknowledgment of Receipt and Review
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received a copy of the DR. INZINNA PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC Employee
Handbook (handbook) and that I have read it, understand it, and agree to comply with it. I understand that the Practice has the maximum
discretion permitted by law to interpret, administer, change, modify, or delete the rules, regulations, procedures, and benefits contained in
the handbook at any time with or without notice. No statement or representation by a supervisor, manager, or any other employee,
whether oral or written, can supplement or modify this handbook. Changes can only be made if approved in writing by the President of the
Practice. I also understand that any delay or failure by the Practice to enforce any rule, regulation, or procedure contained in the
handbook does not constitute a waiver on behalf of the Practice or affect the right of the Practice to enforce such rule, regulation, or
procedure in the future.

I understand that neither this handbook nor any other communication by a management representative or other, whether oral or written, is
intended in any way to create a contract of employment. I further understand that, unless I have a written employment agreement signed
by an authorized Practice representative, I am employed "at-will" (to the extent permitted by law) and this handbook does not modify my
"at-will" employment status.

If I am covered by a written employment agreement (signed by an authorized Practice representative) or a collective bargaining
agreement that conflicts with the terms of this handbook, I understand that the terms of the employment agreement or collective
bargaining agreement will control.

This handbook is not intended to preclude or dissuade employees from engaging in legally protected activities under the National Labor
Relations Act (NLRA). This handbook is not intended to violate any local, state, or federal law. No provision or policy applies or will be
enforced if it conflicts with or is superseded by any requirement or prohibition contained in federal, state, or local law, or regulation.
Furthermore, nothing in this handbook prohibits an employee from reporting concerns to, filing a charge or complaint with, making lawful
disclosures to, providing documents or other information to, or participating in an investigation or hearing conducted by the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), or
any other federal, state, or local agency charged with the enforcement of any laws.

This handbook supersedes any previous handbook or policy statements, whether written or oral, issued by DR. INZINNA
PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES PLLC.

If I have any questions about the content or interpretation of this handbook, I will contact Juan Carlos Espinal, LMSW.




[sig|req|signer1]                                 [date|req|signer1]
_________________________                         _________________________

Signature                                                 Date


[text|req|signer1]
_________________________

Print Name




                                                                      41
APPENDIX




   42
          POLICY ON THE RIGHTS OF EMPLOYEES
                TO EXPRESS BREAST MILK
                                                 in the Workplace

INTRODUCTION AND PURPOSE                                       An employer is prohibited from requiring an employee to
New York State Labor Law Section 206-c gives all               work before or after their normal shift to make up for any
employees in New York the right to express breast milk         time used as paid break time to express breast milk.
in the workplace. This law applies to all public and private   All employers must continue to follow existing federal
employers in New York State, regardless of size or the         and state laws, regulations, and guidance regarding
nature of their business.                                      mealtimes and paid break time regardless of whether
The New York State Department of Labor has                     the employee uses such time to express breast milk. For
developed the official policy on breast milk expression        additional information regarding what constitutes a meal
in the workplace as required by the law, ensuring that         period or a break period under state and federal law,
all employees know their rights and all employers              please see the following resources:
understand their responsibilities. This policy is the          • NY Department of Labor Website on Day of Rest,
minimum required standard, but employers are                     Break Time, and Meal Periods:
encouraged to include additional accommodations                  dol.ny.gov/day-rest-and-meal-periods
tailored to their workplace.                                   • NY Department of Labor FAQs on Meal and Rest
With the information provided below, employees will              Periods:
learn how much time they are allowed for breast milk             dol.ny.gov/system/files/documents/2021/03/meal-
expression, the kind of space employers are required             and-rest-periods-frequently-asked-questions.pdf
to provide for breast milk expression, how to notify           • U.S. Department of Labor FLSA FAQ on Meal and Rest
employers about the need to express breast milk in the           Periods:
workplace, and how to notify the Department of Labor if          dol.gov/agencies/whd/fact-sheets/22-flsa-hours-
these rights are not honored.
                                                                 worked
Employers are required to provide this policy in writing to
                                                               • U.S. Department of Labor FLSA Fact Sheet on
all employees when they are hired and again every year
                                                                 Compensation for Break Time to Pump Breast Milk:
after. Employers are also required to provide the policy to
                                                                 dol.gov/agencies/whd/fact-sheets/73-flsa-break-time-
employees as soon as they return to work following the
                                                                 nursing-mothers
birth of a child.

USING BREAK TIME FOR BREAST MILK                               While an employer cannot require that an employee
EXPRESSION                                                     works while expressing breast milk, Labor Law 206-c
Employers must provide thirty (30) minutes of paid break       does not otherwise prevent an employee from voluntarily
time for their employees to express breast milk when the       choosing to do so if they want to.
employee has a reasonable need to express breast milk.         Paid breaks provided for the expression of breast milk
Employees must be permitted to use existing paid break         must be 30 minutes. An employee must be allowed
or meal time if they need additional time for breast milk      to use regular break or meal time to take a longer paid
expression beyond the paid 30 minutes. This time must          break if needed. Employees may also opt to take shorter
be provided for up to three years following childbirth.        paid breaks.
Employers must provide paid break time as often as an
employee reasonably needs to express breast milk. The          Employees who work remotely have the same rights to
number of paid breaks an employee will need to express         paid time off for the purpose of expressing breast milk, as
breast milk is unique to each employee and employers           all other employees who perform their work in-person.
must provide reasonable break times based on the
individual. Employers are prohibited from discriminating
in any way against an employee who chooses to express
breast milk in the workplace.
MAKING A REQUEST TO EXPRESS BREAST                           Employers located in shared work areas, such as office
MILK AT WORK                                                 buildings, malls and similar spaces may work together
                                                             to establish and maintain a dedicated lactation room,
If an employee wants to express breast milk at work,
                                                             as long as such space(s) are a reasonable distance from
they must give the employer reasonable advance
                                                             the employees using the room. Each employer utilizing
notice, generally before returning to the workplace if the
                                                             this common space is individually responsible for making
employee is on leave. This advance notice is to allow the
                                                             sure the room meets the needs of their employees.
employer time to find an appropriate location and adjust
schedules if needed.                                         If there is not a separate room or space available for
                                                             lactation, an employer may use a vacant office or other
Employees wishing to request a room or other location
                                                             available room on a temporary basis. This room must not
to express breast milk in the workplace should do so by
                                                             be accessible to the public or other employees while an
submitting a written request to their direct supervisor or
                                                             employee is using it for breast milk expression.
individual designated by their employer for processing
requests. Employers must respond to this request for a       As a last resort, an available cubicle may be used for
room or other location to express breast milk in writing     breast milk expression. A cubicle can only be used if it
within five days.                                            is fully enclosed with a partition and is not otherwise
                                                             accessible to the public or other employees while being
Employers must notify all employees in writing through
                                                             used for breast milk expression. The cubicle walls must be
email or printed memo when a room or other location has
                                                             at least seven feet tall to insure the employee’s privacy.
been designated for breast milk expression.
                                                             To ensure privacy, if the lactation room has a window, it
LACTATION ROOM REQUIREMENTS                                  must be covered with a curtain, blind or other covering.
In addition to providing the necessary time during           In addition, the lactation space should have a door
the workday, employers must provide a private room           equipped with a functional lock. If this is not possible (such
or alternative location for the purpose of breast milk       as in the case of a fully enclosed cubicle), as a last resort,
expression. The space provided for breast milk               an employer must utilize a sign advising the space is in
expression cannot be a restroom or toilet stall.             use and not accessible to other employees or the public.
The room or other location must:                             If the workplace has a refrigerator, employers must
                                                             allow employees to use it to store breast milk. However,
• Be close to an employee’s work area
                                                             employers are not responsible for ensuring the
• Provide good natural or artificial light                   safekeeping of expressed milk stored in any refrigerator
• Be private – both shielded from view and free from         in the workplace.
  intrusion                                                  Employees are required to store all expressed milk in
• Have accessible, clean running water nearby                closed containers and bring milk home each evening.
• Have an electrical outlet (if the workplace is supplied    The space designated for expressing breast milk must be
  with electricity)                                          maintained and clean at all times.
• Include a chair                                            If an employer can demonstrate undue hardship in
                                                             providing a space with the above requirements, the
• Provide a desk, small table, desk, counter or other        employer must still provide a room or other location
  flat surface                                               - other than a restroom or toilet stall - that is in close
There does not need to be a separate space for every         proximity to the work area where an employee can
nursing employee. An employer may dedicate a single          express breast milk in privacy, that meets as many of the
room or other location for breast milk expression. Should    requirements as possible.
there be more than one employee at a time needing            Undue hardship is defined in the statute as “causing
access to a lactation room, an employer may dedicate a       significant difficulty or expense when considered
centralized location to be used by all employees.            in relation to the size, financial resources, nature, or
Any space provided for breast milk expression must           structure of the employer’s business.” However, an
be close to the work area of the employee(s) using the       employer may not deny an employee the right to
space. The space must be in walking distance, and the        express breast milk in the workplace due to difficulty in
distance to the location should not significantly extend     finding a location.
an employee’s needed break time.
NEW YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR                                                            FEDERAL RESOURCES
RESOURCES                                                                                     The federal PUMP Act went into effect in 2023,
If an employee believes that they are experiencing                                            expanding protections for almost all employees
retaliation for expressing breast milk in the workplace,                                      expressing breast milk at work. Under the PUMP Act, any
or that their employer is in violation of this policy, they                                   covered workers not provided with breaks and adequate
should contact the New York State Department of Labor’s                                       space for up to a year after the birth of a child are able to
Division of Labor Standards. Call us at 1-888-52-LABOR,                                       file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Labor or file
email us at LSAsk@labor.ny.gov, or visit our website at                                       a lawsuit against their employers. For more information,
dol.ny.gov/breast-milk- expression-workplace to file a                                        please visit dol.gov/agencies/whd/pump-at-work.
complaint.
A list of our offices is available at dol.ny.gov/location/
contact-division-labor-standards.
Complaints are confidential.




                                                                                                      The New York State Department of Labor is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Program.
    P705 (6/24)        Auxiliary aides and services are available upon request and free of charge to individuals with disabilities TTY/TDD 711 or 1-800-662-1220 (English) / 1-877-662-4886.
 Complaint Form for
 Reporting Sexual Harassment

New York State Labor Law requires all employers to adopt a sexual harassment prevention policy that
includes a complaint form to report alleged incidents of sexual harassment.

If you believe that you have been subjected to sexual harassment or gender discrimination, you are
encouraged, but not required, to complete this form and submit it to the appropriate person or department
indicated in the New York Sexual Harassment Prevention policy in this handbook. No employee will be
retaliated against for filing a complaint.

If you are more comfortable reporting verbally or in another manner, your employer should complete this form,
provide you with a copy, and follow its sexual harassment prevention policy by investigating the claims.

         For additional resources, visit: ny.gov/programs/combating-sexual-harassment-workplace



COMPLAINANT INFORMATION

Name:

Work Address:                                                          Work Phone:


Job Title:                                                             Email:

Select Preferred Communication Method:                                     Email          Phone            In person



SUPERVISORY INFORMATION

Immediate Supervisor’s Name:

Title:

Work Phone:                                                            Work Address:




 Adoption of this form does not constitute a conclusive defense to charges of unlawful sexual harassment. Each claim of
 sexual harassment will be determined in accordance with existing legal standards, with due consideration of the particular
 facts and circumstances of the claim, including but not limited to the existence of an effective anti-harassment policy and
 procedure.
COMPLAINT INFORMATION

1. Your complaint of sexual harassment is made about:

   Name:                                         Title:

   Work Address:                                 Work Phone:

   Relationship to you:    Supervisor      Supervisee      Co-Worker      Other (please specify)


2. Please describe what happened and include as many details as possible. You may use additional
   sheets of paper if necessary. If you have any relevant documents, please include them. .




3. Date(s) sexual harassment occurred:

   Is the sexual harassment continuing?      Yes     No


4. If possible, please list the name and contact information of any witnesses or individuals who may
   have information related to your complaint:




The last question is optional, but may help the investigation.

5. Have you previously provided information (verbal or written) about related incidents? If yes, when
   and to whom did you provide information?




This is not required, but if you have retained legal counsel and would like us to work with them,
please provide their contact information.




Signature: __________________________            Date: __________________
